This video is sponsored by Lighter This video is sponsored by Lighter Creative. More about them later on. What's up, folks? Welcome back to What's up, folks? Welcome back to Tactical Tortoise. My name is Trevy and Tactical Tortoise. My name is Trevy and Tactical Tortoise. My name is Trevy and it's time for another episode of the it's time for another episode of the it's time for another episode of the best armies in Warhammer 40k, the weekly best armies in Warhammer 40k, the weekly best armies in Warhammer 40k, the weekly video series where we go through video series where we go through video series where we go through undefeated results from GTs and other undefeated results from GTs and other undefeated results from GTs and other large events over the course of the large events over the course of the large events over the course of the previous weekend. This being a holiday previous weekend. This being a holiday previous weekend. This being a holiday weekend in the United States means that weekend in the United States means that weekend in the United States means that we have less of a sample size to look at we have less of a sample size to look at we have less of a sample size to look at when we're talking about these events, when we're talking about these events, when we're talking about these events, but we did have several events go on but we did have several events go on but we did have several events go on overseas. So, that's what we're mostly overseas. So, that's what we're mostly overseas. So, that's what we're mostly going to be focusing on this episode. going to be focusing on this episode. going to be focusing on this episode. Now moving on to a metagame breakdown. Now moving on to a metagame breakdown. Now moving on to a metagame breakdown. We can see that Adeptist Mechanicus have We can see that Adeptist Mechanicus have We can see that Adeptist Mechanicus have taken the throne as one of the best taken the throne as one of the best taken the throne as one of the best performing factions of the weekend, performing factions of the weekend, performing factions of the weekend, taking down the Battle Forge 5, as well taking down the Battle Forge 5, as well taking down the Battle Forge 5, as well as absolutely dominating the ADFWGA as absolutely dominating the ADFWGA as absolutely dominating the ADFWGA Herocon with two 5-0 results on number Herocon with two 5-0 results on number Herocon with two 5-0 results on number one and number two at that event. It was one and number two at that event. It was one and number two at that event. It was a found event went to two undefeated, a found event went to two undefeated, a found event went to two undefeated, both of them playing Adeptus Mechanicus. both of them playing Adeptus Mechanicus. both of them playing Adeptus Mechanicus. Now, the undefeated adeptist mechanic Now, the undefeated adeptist mechanic Now, the undefeated adeptist mechanic results this week were a combination of results this week were a combination of results this week were a combination of aqatari hunter cohort and Halo screed aqatari hunter cohort and Halo screed aqatari hunter cohort and Halo screed battleclades. What we're going to be battleclades. What we're going to be battleclades. What we're going to be doing today is talk about that Halo doing today is talk about that Halo doing today is talk about that Halo Screen Battle Cade, but they did have Screen Battle Cade, but they did have Screen Battle Cade, but they did have theQatari Hunter cohort sneaking in theQatari Hunter cohort sneaking in theQatari Hunter cohort sneaking in there at the Herocon event. Now, up next there at the Herocon event. Now, up next there at the Herocon event. Now, up next to ADME is unsurprisingly ultramarines to ADME is unsurprisingly ultramarines to ADME is unsurprisingly ultramarines with extensive use of their new Victric with extensive use of their new Victric with extensive use of their new Victric Honor Guard units. They've been able to Honor Guard units. They've been able to Honor Guard units. They've been able to take down three events. That's the west take down three events. That's the west take down three events. That's the west aotment at war 3, the YCC Friendship GT aotment at war 3, the YCC Friendship GT aotment at war 3, the YCC Friendship GT as well as Heroes of the Midtable. as well as Heroes of the Midtable. as well as Heroes of the Midtable. Dukari also coming out of the woodwork a Dukari also coming out of the woodwork a Dukari also coming out of the woodwork a little bit with some very strong little bit with some very strong little bit with some very strong showings at the Ctonian Total Carnage 7 showings at the Ctonian Total Carnage 7 showings at the Ctonian Total Carnage 7 as well as Winchester GT. We're going to as well as Winchester GT. We're going to as well as Winchester GT. We're going to talk about the Winchester GT this time talk about the Winchester GT this time talk about the Winchester GT this time around because the Ctonian Total Carnage around because the Ctonian Total Carnage around because the Ctonian Total Carnage did have a relatively standard spectacle did have a relatively standard spectacle did have a relatively standard spectacle of spikes which is the detachment that of spikes which is the detachment that of spikes which is the detachment that that has been doing fairly well ever that has been doing fairly well ever that has been doing fairly well ever since it had kind of a debut at the since it had kind of a debut at the since it had kind of a debut at the World Championships for Warhammer. World Championships for Warhammer. World Championships for Warhammer. However, Winchester GT saw a little bit However, Winchester GT saw a little bit However, Winchester GT saw a little bit of a throwback to Reaper's wager. of a throwback to Reaper's wager. of a throwback to Reaper's wager. Ultramarines weren't the only Space Ultramarines weren't the only Space Ultramarines weren't the only Space Marine chapter to do well this week Marine chapter to do well this week Marine chapter to do well this week because we also saw Salamanders take because we also saw Salamanders take because we also saw Salamanders take down the Incursion Events single GT. down the Incursion Events single GT. down the Incursion Events single GT. This being a Forge Father's Seekers This being a Forge Father's Seekers This being a Forge Father's Seekers detachment. So, the Salamander's bespoke detachment. So, the Salamander's bespoke detachment. So, the Salamander's bespoke detachment, not a Firestorm Assault detachment, not a Firestorm Assault detachment, not a Firestorm Assault Force, which is the more popular play Force, which is the more popular play Force, which is the more popular play style for the faction. That's going to style for the faction. That's going to style for the faction. That's going to be very exciting to talk about. Grey be very exciting to talk about. Grey be very exciting to talk about. Grey Knights took down the burn and learn Knights took down the burn and learn Knights took down the burn and learn volume 15. Chaos Knights going volume 15. Chaos Knights going volume 15. Chaos Knights going undefeated at Gonghammer 2025 which was undefeated at Gonghammer 2025 which was undefeated at Gonghammer 2025 which was also shared by Eldari also going 5-0 at also shared by Eldari also going 5-0 at also shared by Eldari also going 5-0 at that event. Deathguard won the that event. Deathguard won the that event. Deathguard won the Queensland Masters. Adeptus Aurora took Queensland Masters. Adeptus Aurora took Queensland Masters. Adeptus Aurora took down the OBSC presents Perth GT. And down the OBSC presents Perth GT. And down the OBSC presents Perth GT. And Chaos Space Marines last but certainly Chaos Space Marines last but certainly Chaos Space Marines last but certainly not least also undefeated alongside not least also undefeated alongside not least also undefeated alongside Ultramarines at Heroes of the Midtable Ultramarines at Heroes of the Midtable Ultramarines at Heroes of the Midtable Fall. And with that, let's go ahead and Fall. And with that, let's go ahead and Fall. And with that, let's go ahead and talk about these lists in particular talk about these lists in particular talk about these lists in particular just after a word from our sponsor. just after a word from our sponsor. just after a word from our sponsor. This video is sponsored by Lighter This video is sponsored by Lighter This video is sponsored by Lighter Creative. And in addition to making a Creative. And in addition to making a Creative. And in addition to making a wide selection of laser cut terrain, wide selection of laser cut terrain, wide selection of laser cut terrain, Lighter Creative has also branched out Lighter Creative has also branched out Lighter Creative has also branched out into Battlemats and wants me to showcase into Battlemats and wants me to showcase into Battlemats and wants me to showcase to you their new battlemat style. The to you their new battlemat style. The to you their new battlemat style. The folks over at Letter Creative have been folks over at Letter Creative have been folks over at Letter Creative have been hard at work developing a new material hard at work developing a new material hard at work developing a new material for tabletop gaming mats. We've seen for tabletop gaming mats. We've seen for tabletop gaming mats. We've seen neoprene mats and we've seen vinyl neoprene mats and we've seen vinyl neoprene mats and we've seen vinyl [music] mats, but this is a slip [music] mats, but this is a slip [music] mats, but this is a slip resistant rubberized vinyl that's resistant rubberized vinyl that's resistant rubberized vinyl that's incredibly flexible and incredibly incredibly flexible and incredibly incredibly flexible and incredibly precise. The nice thing that that allows precise. The nice thing that that allows precise. The nice thing that that allows Letter Creative to do is actually put Letter Creative to do is actually put Letter Creative to do is actually put grid lines on their mat. Now, obviously, grid lines on their mat. Now, obviously, grid lines on their mat. Now, obviously, we've seen these before in things like we've seen these before in things like we've seen these before in things like vinyl mats. The big benefit of these vinyl mats. The big benefit of these vinyl mats. The big benefit of these over neoprene is that this material over neoprene is that this material over neoprene is that this material doesn't stretch like neoprene does. So, doesn't stretch like neoprene does. So, doesn't stretch like neoprene does. So, you actually get accurate sizes on all you actually get accurate sizes on all you actually get accurate sizes on all your map cuts. I'm not going to throw your map cuts. I'm not going to throw your map cuts. I'm not going to throw anyone under the bus here, but I did anyone under the bus here, but I did anyone under the bus here, but I did live stream an event recently where the live stream an event recently where the live stream an event recently where the mat on the championship table was just mat on the championship table was just mat on the championship table was just 59 in long, which is a full inch too 59 in long, which is a full inch too 59 in long, which is a full inch too short. That doesn't happen with this short. That doesn't happen with this short. That doesn't happen with this style of vinyl terrain. and Letter style of vinyl terrain. and Letter style of vinyl terrain. and Letter Creative has this new material that's Creative has this new material that's Creative has this new material that's crease resistant, has an anti- [music] crease resistant, has an anti- [music] crease resistant, has an anti- [music] tear backing and is actually slightly tear backing and is actually slightly tear backing and is actually slightly tacky, so it prevents your models and tacky, so it prevents your models and tacky, so it prevents your models and terrain from moving around. Now, we've terrain from moving around. Now, we've terrain from moving around. Now, we've talked about them in the capac, but the talked about them in the capac, but the talked about them in the capac, but the grid lines and pre-placed objective grid lines and pre-placed objective grid lines and pre-placed objective markers on these mats are a lifecher. markers on these mats are a lifecher. markers on these mats are a lifecher. They make it extremely easy to set up They make it extremely easy to set up They make it extremely easy to set up your boards, as well as to determine your boards, as well as to determine your boards, as well as to determine where things like deployment zones, where things like deployment zones, where things like deployment zones, table quarters, different areas of the table quarters, different areas of the table quarters, different areas of the battlefield for zone control are. We battlefield for zone control are. We battlefield for zone control are. We play a lot of tabletop simulator here on play a lot of tabletop simulator here on play a lot of tabletop simulator here on the channel and these basically are like the channel and these basically are like the channel and these basically are like playing tabletop simulator but in real playing tabletop simulator but in real playing tabletop simulator but in real life. So check out their mats as well as life. So check out their mats as well as life. So check out their mats as well as their selection of laser cut terrain their selection of laser cut terrain their selection of laser cut terrain features [music] in the links in the features [music] in the links in the features [music] in the links in the video description. And huge thanks to video description. And huge thanks to video description. And huge thanks to lighter creative for sponsoring this lighter creative for sponsoring this lighter creative for sponsoring this video. And now back to the content. So video. And now back to the content. So video. And now back to the content. So we started our discussion today talking we started our discussion today talking we started our discussion today talking about Adeptus Mechanicus and Johanneso about Adeptus Mechanicus and Johanneso about Adeptus Mechanicus and Johanneso going 5-0 with that detachment. In this going 5-0 with that detachment. In this going 5-0 with that detachment. In this case, Johannes was playing a Halo Creed case, Johannes was playing a Halo Creed case, Johannes was playing a Halo Creed battle clade led by Bellisarius Call battle clade led by Bellisarius Call battle clade led by Bellisarius Call with no other characters. He had two with no other characters. He had two with no other characters. He had two units ofQatari Rangers. One Scorpius units ofQatari Rangers. One Scorpius units ofQatari Rangers. One Scorpius Dune Rider who could potentially be Dune Rider who could potentially be Dune Rider who could potentially be embarking some of those rangers also embarking some of those rangers also embarking some of those rangers also acting as a jumping off point for acting as a jumping off point for acting as a jumping off point for Sicarian Rust Stalkers to give them a Sicarian Rust Stalkers to give them a Sicarian Rust Stalkers to give them a safe place to take the middle of the safe place to take the middle of the safe place to take the middle of the table of being a 40 milbased infantry table of being a 40 milbased infantry table of being a 40 milbased infantry unit. The actual imbarcation of the rust unit. The actual imbarcation of the rust unit. The actual imbarcation of the rust stalkers into a transport actually stalkers into a transport actually stalkers into a transport actually reduces their total unit footprint quite reduces their total unit footprint quite reduces their total unit footprint quite a bit. So it actually makes them easier a bit. So it actually makes them easier a bit. So it actually makes them easier to hide which is interesting. Also gives to hide which is interesting. Also gives to hide which is interesting. Also gives them a disembarkcation movement. But you them a disembarkcation movement. But you them a disembarkcation movement. But you can also start them in with the rangers can also start them in with the rangers can also start them in with the rangers to give scout to the transport and also to give scout to the transport and also to give scout to the transport and also a fire support effect to the rangers as a fire support effect to the rangers as a fire support effect to the rangers as well. So lots of different ways we can well. So lots of different ways we can well. So lots of different ways we can use that transport. We have two units of use that transport. We have two units of use that transport. We have two units of three iron strider balisari to deal some three iron strider balisari to deal some three iron strider balisari to deal some damage. A sakarian infiltrator squad, 10 damage. A sakarian infiltrator squad, 10 damage. A sakarian infiltrator squad, 10 infiltrators in that one. Three units of infiltrators in that one. Three units of infiltrators in that one. Three units of 10 sakarian rustalkers. Three scorpius 10 sakarian rustalkers. Three scorpius 10 sakarian rustalkers. Three scorpius disintegrators. Two of those with disintegrators. Two of those with disintegrators. Two of those with ferromite cannons. One of them actually ferromite cannons. One of them actually ferromite cannons. One of them actually with a bellos energy cannon to add some with a bellos energy cannon to add some with a bellos energy cannon to add some indirect fire to the army. That does indirect fire to the army. That does indirect fire to the army. That does help in a lot of matchups that are help in a lot of matchups that are help in a lot of matchups that are running lots of lighter infantry. Even running lots of lighter infantry. Even running lots of lighter infantry. Even other adeptus mechanicus armies do tend other adeptus mechanicus armies do tend other adeptus mechanicus armies do tend to get hit by that fairly hard, but also to get hit by that fairly hard, but also to get hit by that fairly hard, but also things like Eldari of course that tend things like Eldari of course that tend things like Eldari of course that tend to run a lot of units that are to run a lot of units that are to run a lot of units that are relatively susceptible to the Bellaros relatively susceptible to the Bellaros relatively susceptible to the Bellaros cannon. And then last, but certainly not cannon. And then last, but certainly not cannon. And then last, but certainly not least, a Kalinus assassin for utility least, a Kalinus assassin for utility least, a Kalinus assassin for utility and to command point attacks enemies. and to command point attacks enemies. and to command point attacks enemies. Now, moving on to the second place Now, moving on to the second place Now, moving on to the second place placement of the week, this being placement of the week, this being placement of the week, this being Ultramarines. Let's talk about Mark Ultramarines. Let's talk about Mark Ultramarines. Let's talk about Mark Owen's Gladius Task Force list. This Owen's Gladius Task Force list. This Owen's Gladius Task Force list. This list was built primarily around the list was built primarily around the list was built primarily around the combination of Vicrix Honor Guard and combination of Vicrix Honor Guard and combination of Vicrix Honor Guard and Redemptor Dreadnots to add an incredibly Redemptor Dreadnots to add an incredibly Redemptor Dreadnots to add an incredibly resilient front line to the army. This resilient front line to the army. This resilient front line to the army. This includes a captain plus a combi weapon includes a captain plus a combi weapon includes a captain plus a combi weapon lieutenant for utility plus Marne's lieutenant for utility plus Marne's lieutenant for utility plus Marne's calgar. No rabbut gillan seen here. calgar. No rabbut gillan seen here. calgar. No rabbut gillan seen here. However, the captain gives an attachment However, the captain gives an attachment However, the captain gives an attachment for one victory honor guard unit and for one victory honor guard unit and for one victory honor guard unit and Marius Calgar can join the second one. Marius Calgar can join the second one. Marius Calgar can join the second one. So, we have two of those powerful Vic So, we have two of those powerful Vic So, we have two of those powerful Vic honor guard bricks. Now, only one of honor guard bricks. Now, only one of honor guard bricks. Now, only one of them is being equipped with the ancient them is being equipped with the ancient them is being equipped with the ancient and the chapter champion because those and the chapter champion because those and the chapter champion because those are epic hero models. So, we can't are epic hero models. So, we can't are epic hero models. So, we can't duplicate them on both units. A lot of duplicate them on both units. A lot of duplicate them on both units. A lot of times, what you'll do is you'll actually times, what you'll do is you'll actually times, what you'll do is you'll actually take the additional damage output from take the additional damage output from take the additional damage output from the ancient and the champion on the unit the ancient and the champion on the unit the ancient and the champion on the unit with the on the unit with the captain with the on the unit with the captain with the on the unit with the captain since he tends to get stuck in first and since he tends to get stuck in first and since he tends to get stuck in first and needs more support since Marne's calgar needs more support since Marne's calgar needs more support since Marne's calgar is a little bit more sustained damage. is a little bit more sustained damage. is a little bit more sustained damage. Although, it I think depends on the Although, it I think depends on the Although, it I think depends on the exact situations. Also, having the exact situations. Also, having the exact situations. Also, having the ability to pop the once per game bonus ability to pop the once per game bonus ability to pop the once per game bonus strength and attacks on the same turn strength and attacks on the same turn strength and attacks on the same turn that the captain uses finest hour allows that the captain uses finest hour allows that the captain uses finest hour allows the unit to do quite a bit of damage. We the unit to do quite a bit of damage. We the unit to do quite a bit of damage. We have three redemptor dreadnots forming have three redemptor dreadnots forming have three redemptor dreadnots forming that bull work in the center. two units that bull work in the center. two units that bull work in the center. two units of jumpack assault intercessors in order of jumpack assault intercessors in order of jumpack assault intercessors in order to act as utility units. One gladiator to act as utility units. One gladiator to act as utility units. One gladiator lancer as well as one ballistus lancer as well as one ballistus lancer as well as one ballistus dreadnot. We have a scout squad as well dreadnot. We have a scout squad as well dreadnot. We have a scout squad as well as two units of assault jump as two units of assault jump as two units of assault jump intercessors to act as utility. An intercessors to act as utility. An intercessors to act as utility. An intercessor squad for the backline as intercessor squad for the backline as intercessor squad for the backline as well as one gladiator lancer and one well as one gladiator lancer and one well as one gladiator lancer and one ballistus dreadnot to add some long ballistus dreadnot to add some long ballistus dreadnot to add some long range counter punch to units trying to range counter punch to units trying to range counter punch to units trying to come in and deal with the redemptor come in and deal with the redemptor come in and deal with the redemptor dreadnots. Well, it does seem like this dreadnots. Well, it does seem like this dreadnots. Well, it does seem like this is a list that would be very good in is a list that would be very good in is a list that would be very good in Blades of Ultramar for the minus one to Blades of Ultramar for the minus one to Blades of Ultramar for the minus one to wound effect on the redemptor dreadnots. wound effect on the redemptor dreadnots. wound effect on the redemptor dreadnots. In this case, it does make sense in In this case, it does make sense in In this case, it does make sense in Gladius Task Force since you get access Gladius Task Force since you get access Gladius Task Force since you get access to only in death to duty ends to allow to only in death to duty ends to allow to only in death to duty ends to allow the victory honor guard to fight on the victory honor guard to fight on the victory honor guard to fight on death which is super helpful. And then death which is super helpful. And then death which is super helpful. And then obviously we can still just use the obviously we can still just use the obviously we can still just use the redemptor dreadnots's strong baseline redemptor dreadnots's strong baseline redemptor dreadnots's strong baseline defensive characteristics to hold down defensive characteristics to hold down defensive characteristics to hold down the middle and then counterattack with the middle and then counterattack with the middle and then counterattack with mass attacks from those victory guard mass attacks from those victory guard mass attacks from those victory guard bricks. Now, with that, we'll move over bricks. Now, with that, we'll move over bricks. Now, with that, we'll move over to the Winchester GT and talk about to the Winchester GT and talk about to the Winchester GT and talk about Martin Cooper's Drukari. We've talked Martin Cooper's Drukari. We've talked Martin Cooper's Drukari. We've talked quite a bit over the last couple weeks quite a bit over the last couple weeks quite a bit over the last couple weeks about Spectacle of Spiked since it has about Spectacle of Spiked since it has about Spectacle of Spiked since it has done a lot of work in the faction. done a lot of work in the faction. done a lot of work in the faction. However, Martin over here was playing a However, Martin over here was playing a However, Martin over here was playing a little bit of an old school style, that little bit of an old school style, that little bit of an old school style, that being Reaper Wager, which up until World being Reaper Wager, which up until World being Reaper Wager, which up until World Championships, I think was much more Championships, I think was much more Championships, I think was much more common. This includes an archon with common. This includes an archon with common. This includes an archon with Webway Walker, so he's going to be able Webway Walker, so he's going to be able Webway Walker, so he's going to be able to deep [music] strike as well as to deep [music] strike as well as to deep [music] strike as well as Leelith Hasperax. We do have as the sole Leelith Hasperax. We do have as the sole Leelith Hasperax. We do have as the sole harlequin in the army a single solitire harlequin in the army a single solitire harlequin in the army a single solitire that gives you a pretty strong that gives you a pretty strong that gives you a pretty strong disruption piece. He's incredibly fast disruption piece. He's incredibly fast disruption piece. He's incredibly fast and can clear infantry very well and he and can clear infantry very well and he and can clear infantry very well and he can also act to flip the wager towards can also act to flip the wager towards can also act to flip the wager towards the end of your turn. And if he does so the end of your turn. And if he does so the end of your turn. And if he does so at the end of your own fight phase, then at the end of your own fight phase, then at the end of your own fight phase, then often times Harley Quins will be winning often times Harley Quins will be winning often times Harley Quins will be winning the wager when it comes back to your the wager when it comes back to your the wager when it comes back to your subsequent shooting phase, unless you subsequent shooting phase, unless you subsequent shooting phase, unless you start killing things on your opponent's start killing things on your opponent's start killing things on your opponent's turn, in which case you're going to get turn, in which case you're going to get turn, in which case you're going to get wound rolls for most of a phase on your wound rolls for most of a phase on your wound rolls for most of a phase on your ranged attacks before you then move on ranged attacks before you then move on ranged attacks before you then move on to Dukari winning the wager as soon as to Dukari winning the wager as soon as to Dukari winning the wager as soon as they destroy anything, which is kind of they destroy anything, which is kind of they destroy anything, which is kind of nice. But also just the solitire being a nice. But also just the solitire being a nice. But also just the solitire being a long range loan operative threat is long range loan operative threat is long range loan operative threat is super helpful. We have two units of super helpful. We have two units of super helpful. We have two units of Cabalite warriors as well as a witch Cabalite warriors as well as a witch Cabalite warriors as well as a witch squad. We have venoms for all three of squad. We have venoms for all three of squad. We have venoms for all three of those Cabalite warrior squads as well as those Cabalite warrior squads as well as those Cabalite warrior squads as well as the witches. So, we're going to be able the witches. So, we're going to be able the witches. So, we're going to be able to combat squad all of those to give us to combat squad all of those to give us to combat squad all of those to give us a grand total of six five model utility a grand total of six five model utility a grand total of six five model utility units plus the three transports, a pair units plus the three transports, a pair units plus the three transports, a pair of Helien units, one unit of five and of Helien units, one unit of five and of Helien units, one unit of five and one unit of 10 alongside a unit of 10 one unit of 10 alongside a unit of 10 one unit of 10 alongside a unit of 10 incubi. The incubi are a great place to incubi. The incubi are a great place to incubi. The incubi are a great place to drop the archon because web because he drop the archon because web because he drop the archon because web because he has web boy walker. You're going to then has web boy walker. You're going to then has web boy walker. You're going to then be able to rapid ingress the incubi out be able to rapid ingress the incubi out be able to rapid ingress the incubi out of deep strike. So, they have a lot more of deep strike. So, they have a lot more of deep strike. So, they have a lot more options of where they can stand before options of where they can stand before options of where they can stand before they move in and actually get their they move in and actually get their they move in and actually get their charge off. And with the ability to charge off. And with the ability to charge off. And with the ability to advance and charge thanks to Reaper's advance and charge thanks to Reaper's advance and charge thanks to Reaper's Wager, we can actually have a lot of Wager, we can actually have a lot of Wager, we can actually have a lot of flexibility about where that incubi unit flexibility about where that incubi unit flexibility about where that incubi unit actually hits. We then have a pair of actually hits. We then have a pair of actually hits. We then have a pair of Mandre squads plus a pair of Reaver Mandre squads plus a pair of Reaver Mandre squads plus a pair of Reaver units for utility. One Scourge unit with units for utility. One Scourge unit with units for utility. One Scourge unit with dark lances taking less of a ranged dark lances taking less of a ranged dark lances taking less of a ranged approach in this particular army. approach in this particular army. approach in this particular army. However, backing that up with strong However, backing that up with strong However, backing that up with strong melee between especially the Incubi melee between especially the Incubi melee between especially the Incubi bricks, the 10 model Helien brick, and bricks, the 10 model Helien brick, and bricks, the 10 model Helien brick, and then last but certainly not least, a then last but certainly not least, a then last but certainly not least, a pair of Talos. All of those equipped pair of Talos. All of those equipped pair of Talos. All of those equipped with twin haywire blasters for with twin haywire blasters for with twin haywire blasters for anti-vehicle shooting, plus obviously anti-vehicle shooting, plus obviously anti-vehicle shooting, plus obviously their impressive melee output. their impressive melee output. their impressive melee output. Definitely a much more aggressive Definitely a much more aggressive Definitely a much more aggressive variety of reapers wager than we've seen variety of reapers wager than we've seen variety of reapers wager than we've seen in the past. Not focusing on things like in the past. Not focusing on things like in the past. Not focusing on things like shooting platforms like scourges or shooting platforms like scourges or shooting platforms like scourges or ravagers. And in this case, basically ravagers. And in this case, basically ravagers. And in this case, basically trying to go allin on some of the melee trying to go allin on some of the melee trying to go allin on some of the melee options that Dukari have access to. Now options that Dukari have access to. Now options that Dukari have access to. Now with that, let's move over and talk with that, let's move over and talk with that, let's move over and talk about an incredibly spicy list this about an incredibly spicy list this about an incredibly spicy list this week. That being Salamanders as the week. That being Salamanders as the week. That being Salamanders as the second appearance of Space Marine second appearance of Space Marine second appearance of Space Marine Chapter this week next to Ultramarines. Chapter this week next to Ultramarines. Chapter this week next to Ultramarines. Andy Moore at the incursion events 40k Andy Moore at the incursion events 40k Andy Moore at the incursion events 40k singles GT took that event down with a singles GT took that event down with a singles GT took that event down with a 5-0 record with the list playing forge 5-0 record with the list playing forge 5-0 record with the list playing forge father seekers not firestorm assault father seekers not firestorm assault father seekers not firestorm assault force which is very cool. Obviously a force which is very cool. Obviously a force which is very cool. Obviously a lot of times we've seen salamanders do lot of times we've seen salamanders do lot of times we've seen salamanders do well with firestorm assault force. It's well with firestorm assault force. It's well with firestorm assault force. It's very straightforward and it gives you a very straightforward and it gives you a very straightforward and it gives you a lot of transport synergies as well as lot of transport synergies as well as lot of transport synergies as well as champion of humanity which allows a unit champion of humanity which allows a unit champion of humanity which allows a unit to ignore modifiers if you attach it to to ignore modifiers if you attach it to to ignore modifiers if you attach it to a tacticus lieutenant or something like a tacticus lieutenant or something like a tacticus lieutenant or something like that. Crazy powerful enhancement. that. Crazy powerful enhancement. that. Crazy powerful enhancement. However, you do have some bonuses from However, you do have some bonuses from However, you do have some bonuses from forge father seekers especially the forge father seekers especially the forge father seekers especially the ability to advance and perform actions. ability to advance and perform actions. ability to advance and perform actions. shoot and perform actions on infernace shoot and perform actions on infernace shoot and perform actions on infernace marines as well as the ability to fall marines as well as the ability to fall marines as well as the ability to fall back and shoot with infantry which is back and shoot with infantry which is back and shoot with infantry which is something that forge fathers uh which is something that forge fathers uh which is something that forge fathers uh which is something that firestorm assault force something that firestorm assault force something that firestorm assault force has no access to. I'm actually talking has no access to. I'm actually talking has no access to. I'm actually talking about sounders quite a bit here because about sounders quite a bit here because about sounders quite a bit here because I did just record a getting started I did just record a getting started I did just record a getting started video for that faction that will be video for that faction that will be video for that faction that will be releasing in a week or two's time. In releasing in a week or two's time. In releasing in a week or two's time. In this case, Andy was playing Adra this case, Andy was playing Adra this case, Andy was playing Adra Eggatone as well as Vulcan Hen, a Eggatone as well as Vulcan Hen, a Eggatone as well as Vulcan Hen, a jumpack captain with the emulator jumpack captain with the emulator jumpack captain with the emulator enhancement. This gives plus one attack enhancement. This gives plus one attack enhancement. This gives plus one attack to all torrent weapons included in the to all torrent weapons included in the to all torrent weapons included in the unit. This also includes the captain unit. This also includes the captain unit. This also includes the captain himself, which means that he's going to himself, which means that he's going to himself, which means that he's going to be firing D6 plus1 shots from his hand be firing D6 plus1 shots from his hand be firing D6 plus1 shots from his hand flamer. We then have a copy weapon flamer. We then have a copy weapon flamer. We then have a copy weapon lieutenant for utility. For the lieutenant for utility. For the lieutenant for utility. For the backline, we're taking an intercessor backline, we're taking an intercessor backline, we're taking an intercessor squad. We do have a six model blade squad. We do have a six model blade squad. We do have a six model blade guard veteran squad for Adrax Agatone to guard veteran squad for Adrax Agatone to guard veteran squad for Adrax Agatone to jump into. Obviously, that combination jump into. Obviously, that combination jump into. Obviously, that combination is one of the most effective access to is one of the most effective access to is one of the most effective access to melee units that Salamanders have. You melee units that Salamanders have. You melee units that Salamanders have. You get reroll ones to hit from the blade get reroll ones to hit from the blade get reroll ones to hit from the blade guard veterans, full wounds on Adrax. guard veterans, full wounds on Adrax. guard veterans, full wounds on Adrax. So, the unit itself is almost, not So, the unit itself is almost, not So, the unit itself is almost, not quite, but almost full hit and wound rs. quite, but almost full hit and wound rs. quite, but almost full hit and wound rs. and then also has access to plus one to and then also has access to plus one to and then also has access to plus one to wound thanks to Crucible Battle. wound thanks to Crucible Battle. wound thanks to Crucible Battle. Incredibly strong offensive piece. We Incredibly strong offensive piece. We Incredibly strong offensive piece. We have a company hero squad for Vulcan H have a company hero squad for Vulcan H have a company hero squad for Vulcan H to hop into so he can move forward to hop into so he can move forward to hop into so he can move forward aggressively, use his ability to get aggressively, use his ability to get aggressively, use his ability to get wounds on stuff and then hopefully not wounds on stuff and then hopefully not wounds on stuff and then hopefully not die in the return fire. We have a single die in the return fire. We have a single die in the return fire. We have a single incursor squad to buff some of the melee incursor squad to buff some of the melee incursor squad to buff some of the melee attacks. One infernace squad, only five attacks. One infernace squad, only five attacks. One infernace squad, only five marines there to act as a utility unit marines there to act as a utility unit marines there to act as a utility unit for the army. Obviously, they get all for the army. Obviously, they get all for the army. Obviously, they get all those bonuses from being a salamander's those bonuses from being a salamander's those bonuses from being a salamander's chapter. plus one OC from Vulcan Hen chapter. plus one OC from Vulcan Hen chapter. plus one OC from Vulcan Hen plus the ability to advance and do stuff plus the ability to advance and do stuff plus the ability to advance and do stuff like perform actions or shoot and like perform actions or shoot and like perform actions or shoot and perform actions from the detachment. We perform actions from the detachment. We perform actions from the detachment. We have a single scout squad as well as a have a single scout squad as well as a have a single scout squad as well as a five model Vanguard veteran squad with five model Vanguard veteran squad with five model Vanguard veteran squad with hand flavors as some additional utility. hand flavors as some additional utility. hand flavors as some additional utility. One impulser which can carry around One impulser which can carry around One impulser which can carry around potentially the incursors and or the potentially the incursors and or the potentially the incursors and or the infernace marines. We can actually start infernace marines. We can actually start infernace marines. We can actually start the incursors in the impulser and scout the incursors in the impulser and scout the incursors in the impulser and scout it then disembark them, perform a it then disembark them, perform a it then disembark them, perform a utility action with them and refill it utility action with them and refill it utility action with them and refill it with infernace marines. We then have 10 with infernace marines. We then have 10 with infernace marines. We then have 10 vanguard veterans. So, one unit of five vanguard veterans. So, one unit of five vanguard veterans. So, one unit of five of them with hand flames plus a unit of of them with hand flames plus a unit of of them with hand flames plus a unit of 10. That's for the jump pack captain to 10. That's for the jump pack captain to 10. That's for the jump pack captain to hop into get plus one attack to all of hop into get plus one attack to all of hop into get plus one attack to all of those guys. So, you're firing 10 or 11 those guys. So, you're firing 10 or 11 those guys. So, you're firing 10 or 11 d6 plus 11 hand flamer shots assuming d6 plus 11 hand flamer shots assuming d6 plus 11 hand flamer shots assuming they're all able to get into range. And they're all able to get into range. And they're all able to get into range. And you can discount strategys like rapid you can discount strategys like rapid you can discount strategys like rapid ingress coming out of reserve or also ingress coming out of reserve or also ingress coming out of reserve or also immolation protocols for devastating immolation protocols for devastating immolation protocols for devastating wounds on those. If you're able to wounds on those. If you're able to wounds on those. If you're able to target the thing that Vulcan has to target the thing that Vulcan has to target the thing that Vulcan has to targeted, you're also getting wound targeted, you're also getting wound targeted, you're also getting wound rolls. So, on average, you're firing rolls. So, on average, you're firing rolls. So, on average, you're firing somewhere around um you're firing somewhere around um you're firing somewhere around um you're firing somewhere around 45 to 48 flamer somewhere around 45 to 48 flamer somewhere around 45 to 48 flamer attacks, wounding on sixes, then attacks, wounding on sixes, then attacks, wounding on sixes, then r-rolling, meaning you're probably r-rolling, meaning you're probably r-rolling, meaning you're probably handing your opponent somewhere around handing your opponent somewhere around handing your opponent somewhere around 15 or 16 devastating wounds, which is a 15 or 16 devastating wounds, which is a 15 or 16 devastating wounds, which is a lot. And if you are targeting something lot. And if you are targeting something lot. And if you are targeting something that you can get plus one to wound that you can get plus one to wound that you can get plus one to wound against, you can even just be wounding against, you can even just be wounding against, you can even just be wounding naturally on fives. So, in addition to naturally on fives. So, in addition to naturally on fives. So, in addition to that, hand them a bunch of natural armor that, hand them a bunch of natural armor that, hand them a bunch of natural armor saves as well. Incredibly powerful saves as well. Incredibly powerful saves as well. Incredibly powerful combination. Obviously, it does require combination. Obviously, it does require combination. Obviously, it does require some setup. You do have to probably some setup. You do have to probably some setup. You do have to probably rapid aggress the unit into position, rapid aggress the unit into position, rapid aggress the unit into position, then move and attack, they could advance then move and attack, they could advance then move and attack, they could advance and and uh do that as well because of and and uh do that as well because of and and uh do that as well because of the assault that you get from the the assault that you get from the the assault that you get from the detachment ability. But if you can combo detachment ability. But if you can combo detachment ability. But if you can combo it all off, it's going to do some crazy it all off, it's going to do some crazy it all off, it's going to do some crazy damage. We then have a bunch of damage. We then have a bunch of damage. We then have a bunch of vehicles. I mentioned the impulser vehicles. I mentioned the impulser vehicles. I mentioned the impulser already, but we also have two gladiator already, but we also have two gladiator already, but we also have two gladiator valiants. So, we're going to be able to valiants. So, we're going to be able to valiants. So, we're going to be able to get wound rolls off of the Vulcan H for get wound rolls off of the Vulcan H for get wound rolls off of the Vulcan H for the multimeltas equipped with those the multimeltas equipped with those the multimeltas equipped with those guys, which is nice. A landraider guys, which is nice. A landraider guys, which is nice. A landraider redeemer as well as a stormer hammer redeemer as well as a stormer hammer redeemer as well as a stormer hammer strike. Their redeemer is likely the strike. Their redeemer is likely the strike. Their redeemer is likely the transport option for Adrax Agatone since transport option for Adrax Agatone since transport option for Adrax Agatone since it can then move and then disembark him it can then move and then disembark him it can then move and then disembark him into combat. Now let's move over to the into combat. Now let's move over to the into combat. Now let's move over to the Queensland Masters which was won by Queensland Masters which was won by Queensland Masters which was won by Deathguard being piloted by Joshua Deathguard being piloted by Joshua Deathguard being piloted by Joshua Woods. Joshua was playing an interesting Woods. Joshua was playing an interesting Woods. Joshua was playing an interesting variety of Virulent Victorium. So this variety of Virulent Victorium. So this variety of Virulent Victorium. So this is the kind of index detachment that is the kind of index detachment that is the kind of index detachment that gives your entire army objective gives your entire army objective gives your entire army objective secured. Here's a little bit of synergy secured. Here's a little bit of synergy secured. Here's a little bit of synergy with that detachment in this particular with that detachment in this particular with that detachment in this particular build. This includes a pair of 10 model build. This includes a pair of 10 model build. This includes a pair of 10 model plague marine squads. Both of those plague marine squads. Both of those plague marine squads. Both of those being attached with biologous petrifiers being attached with biologous petrifiers being attached with biologous petrifiers and malignant plague casters for the and malignant plague casters for the and malignant plague casters for the five plus critical, lethal, and five plus critical, lethal, and five plus critical, lethal, and sustained combination. Those also have sustained combination. Those also have sustained combination. Those also have chaos rhinos to embark them into as chaos rhinos to embark them into as chaos rhinos to embark them into as well, which gives you an incredible well, which gives you an incredible well, which gives you an incredible amount of midboard control. The benefit amount of midboard control. The benefit amount of midboard control. The benefit there too is that you do then have there too is that you do then have there too is that you do then have objective secured and could potentially objective secured and could potentially objective secured and could potentially be disembarking a transport. So even if be disembarking a transport. So even if be disembarking a transport. So even if your opponent kills the transport, you your opponent kills the transport, you your opponent kills the transport, you disembark a bunch of OC2 plague marines disembark a bunch of OC2 plague marines disembark a bunch of OC2 plague marines on it. At the start of your next turn, on it. At the start of your next turn, on it. At the start of your next turn, they'll unbattle shock, take the they'll unbattle shock, take the they'll unbattle shock, take the objective, and then obsec it under your objective, and then obsec it under your objective, and then obsec it under your control. Similarly, we are also running control. Similarly, we are also running control. Similarly, we are also running two poxwalker squads. So, we can two poxwalker squads. So, we can two poxwalker squads. So, we can threaten objective control of the center threaten objective control of the center threaten objective control of the center of the table with one of them with their of the table with one of them with their of the table with one of them with their infiltration. And in addition to that, infiltration. And in addition to that, infiltration. And in addition to that, we also have Mortarion, the great man we also have Mortarion, the great man we also have Mortarion, the great man himself, who can deep strike. So, we can himself, who can deep strike. So, we can himself, who can deep strike. So, we can start him in reserve and then try to start him in reserve and then try to start him in reserve and then try to rapid ingress him onto objectives in rapid ingress him onto objectives in rapid ingress him onto objectives in order to objective secure them. On top order to objective secure them. On top order to objective secure them. On top of that, interestingly, we have no of that, interestingly, we have no of that, interestingly, we have no Terminator equipped units whatsoever. Terminator equipped units whatsoever. Terminator equipped units whatsoever. There is a Tali man for the backline, There is a Tali man for the backline, There is a Tali man for the backline, but no Lords of Contagion, no Lords of but no Lords of Contagion, no Lords of but no Lords of Contagion, no Lords of Irance, so no other buffs for the ranged Irance, so no other buffs for the ranged Irance, so no other buffs for the ranged attacks. However, we do have a pair of attacks. However, we do have a pair of attacks. However, we do have a pair of plague spitter fetted bloat drones. So, plague spitter fetted bloat drones. So, plague spitter fetted bloat drones. So, those guys equipped with the flamer uh those guys equipped with the flamer uh those guys equipped with the flamer uh equivalent. We have a trio of heavy equivalent. We have a trio of heavy equivalent. We have a trio of heavy blight launcher fetted bloat drones to blight launcher fetted bloat drones to blight launcher fetted bloat drones to act as some backline shooting plus a act as some backline shooting plus a act as some backline shooting plus a pair of chaos spawn for utility. So, a pair of chaos spawn for utility. So, a pair of chaos spawn for utility. So, a little different than we typically see little different than we typically see little different than we typically see where often times we'll see Mortarion where often times we'll see Mortarion where often times we'll see Mortarion act with rapid ingress as a delivery act with rapid ingress as a delivery act with rapid ingress as a delivery system for death shroud terminators who system for death shroud terminators who system for death shroud terminators who are able to then six-in deep strike are able to then six-in deep strike are able to then six-in deep strike close to him. In this case, we're just close to him. In this case, we're just close to him. In this case, we're just going to be using him as a big bully going to be using him as a big bully going to be using him as a big bully himself. He can use reactive moves on himself. He can use reactive moves on himself. He can use reactive moves on plague marines nearby to allow them to plague marines nearby to allow them to plague marines nearby to allow them to re-mbark transports. So we do have a re-mbark transports. So we do have a re-mbark transports. So we do have a little bit of synergy between him and little bit of synergy between him and little bit of synergy between him and the transports themselves. So we do have the transports themselves. So we do have the transports themselves. So we do have a little bit of synergy between him and a little bit of synergy between him and a little bit of synergy between him and those plague marine bricks. Now who are those plague marine bricks. Now who are those plague marine bricks. Now who are we going to call to destroy a demon we going to call to destroy a demon we going to call to destroy a demon primark like Mortarion? Let's call Ash primark like Mortarion? Let's call Ash primark like Mortarion? Let's call Ash power and his warpane task force grey power and his warpane task force grey power and his warpane task force grey knights. This was from the I guess knights. This was from the I guess knights. This was from the I guess appropriately named burn and learn appropriately named burn and learn appropriately named burn and learn volume 15 which I guess it was volume 15 which I guess it was volume 15 which I guess it was appropriate that we won it with that it appropriate that we won it with that it appropriate that we won it with that it was won by someone named Ash. In this was won by someone named Ash. In this was won by someone named Ash. In this case, Ash was playing a pair of case, Ash was playing a pair of case, Ash was playing a pair of Brotherhood Librarians. These guys are Brotherhood Librarians. These guys are Brotherhood Librarians. These guys are actually kind of sweet utility. They actually kind of sweet utility. They actually kind of sweet utility. They have pretty strong shooting from the have pretty strong shooting from the have pretty strong shooting from the Vortex of Dooms. You also have the Vortex of Dooms. You also have the Vortex of Dooms. You also have the opportunity to give attached units an opportunity to give attached units an opportunity to give attached units an 18-inch loan operative effect, but in 18-inch loan operative effect, but in 18-inch loan operative effect, but in this case, we weren't using that because this case, we weren't using that because this case, we weren't using that because there's very little synergy between the there's very little synergy between the there's very little synergy between the Terminator armored units and Warbane Terminator armored units and Warbane Terminator armored units and Warbane Task Force itself. The Brotherhood Task Force itself. The Brotherhood Task Force itself. The Brotherhood Librarians just end up as one of the Librarians just end up as one of the Librarians just end up as one of the cheaper character options in the codeex. cheaper character options in the codeex. cheaper character options in the codeex. So, they're usable as little independent So, they're usable as little independent So, they're usable as little independent utility guys. And given the fact that utility guys. And given the fact that utility guys. And given the fact that they shoot pretty hard, they're able to they shoot pretty hard, they're able to they shoot pretty hard, they're able to hop into your hallowed ground from deep hop into your hallowed ground from deep hop into your hallowed ground from deep strike and with both of their powers strike and with both of their powers strike and with both of their powers combined, usually knock a unit down with combined, usually knock a unit down with combined, usually knock a unit down with full hit rolls from the detachment full hit rolls from the detachment full hit rolls from the detachment ability. We then have Castell and Crow, ability. We then have Castell and Crow, ability. We then have Castell and Crow, a pair of Nemesis Grandmaster Dread a pair of Nemesis Grandmaster Dread a pair of Nemesis Grandmaster Dread Knights, plus two interceptor squads for Knights, plus two interceptor squads for Knights, plus two interceptor squads for utility, a standard dread knight. So we utility, a standard dread knight. So we utility, a standard dread knight. So we have a unit that can threaten a long have a unit that can threaten a long have a unit that can threaten a long distance on the table without need distance on the table without need distance on the table without need needing to rapid grass or use some other needing to rapid grass or use some other needing to rapid grass or use some other chicainery to get close to enemies. We chicainery to get close to enemies. We chicainery to get close to enemies. We then have two standard fiveman purifier then have two standard fiveman purifier then have two standard fiveman purifier squads to act as hallowed beacons plus squads to act as hallowed beacons plus squads to act as hallowed beacons plus one 10 model purifier squad to attach one 10 model purifier squad to attach one 10 model purifier squad to attach with castle and crow and be a big with castle and crow and be a big with castle and crow and be a big shooting battery. In this case, we are shooting battery. In this case, we are shooting battery. In this case, we are equipping all of the purifiers with equipping all of the purifiers with equipping all of the purifiers with melee weapons. None of them were melee weapons. None of them were melee weapons. None of them were equipping any range weapons whatsoever equipping any range weapons whatsoever equipping any range weapons whatsoever besides their standard purifying flame besides their standard purifying flame besides their standard purifying flame and stormbbolter. However, we were and stormbbolter. However, we were and stormbbolter. However, we were including a pergation squad that including a pergation squad that including a pergation squad that including four silencer perators plus a including four silencer perators plus a including four silencer perators plus a razor back. So, we are all able to use razor back. So, we are all able to use razor back. So, we are all able to use that as a little bit more of an that as a little bit more of an that as a little bit more of an offensive range piece. The razor back offensive range piece. The razor back offensive range piece. The razor back can push forward, disembark that unit, can push forward, disembark that unit, can push forward, disembark that unit, fire at the target to get plus one AP, fire at the target to get plus one AP, fire at the target to get plus one AP, so we can actually get an AP value on so we can actually get an AP value on so we can actually get an AP value on our silencers, and then blast a bunch of our silencers, and then blast a bunch of our silencers, and then blast a bunch of silencers away without having to expose silencers away without having to expose silencers away without having to expose the purifiers with potentially full the purifiers with potentially full the purifiers with potentially full rerolls plus the sustained hits on the rerolls plus the sustained hits on the rerolls plus the sustained hits on the silencers as well. Pretty cool stuff. We silencers as well. Pretty cool stuff. We silencers as well. Pretty cool stuff. We have then a standard strike squad for have then a standard strike squad for have then a standard strike squad for utility and to obsse, the home utility and to obsse, the home utility and to obsse, the home objective. Interesting to see the objective. Interesting to see the objective. Interesting to see the pgation squad be played. It's not a unit pgation squad be played. It's not a unit pgation squad be played. It's not a unit that we've seen very often. it does make that we've seen very often. it does make that we've seen very often. it does make sense to include it with the racer bank. sense to include it with the racer bank. sense to include it with the racer bank. And the racer bank also works as a good And the racer bank also works as a good And the racer bank also works as a good attachment option for either purifiers attachment option for either purifiers attachment option for either purifiers or interceptors, especially since the or interceptors, especially since the or interceptors, especially since the interceptors can jump in and out of the interceptors can jump in and out of the interceptors can jump in and out of the transport if they so desire. Now, transport if they so desire. Now, transport if they so desire. Now, sticking with a similar variety of sticking with a similar variety of sticking with a similar variety of knights, let's move over to Gong Hammer knights, let's move over to Gong Hammer knights, let's move over to Gong Hammer 2025 and talk about Nathan Princy, who 2025 and talk about Nathan Princy, who 2025 and talk about Nathan Princy, who went undefeated with an Infernal Lance. went undefeated with an Infernal Lance. went undefeated with an Infernal Lance. Now, this is a pretty standard variety Now, this is a pretty standard variety Now, this is a pretty standard variety of Infernal Lance. We've talked about of Infernal Lance. We've talked about of Infernal Lance. We've talked about almost identical lists quite a bit in almost identical lists quite a bit in almost identical lists quite a bit in the past. This includes a trio of the past. This includes a trio of the past. This includes a trio of knights despoilers. One of them has knights despoilers. One of them has knights despoilers. One of them has beastial aspect for assault on his beastial aspect for assault on his beastial aspect for assault on his Gatling cannons. All of those guys Gatling cannons. All of those guys Gatling cannons. All of those guys equipped with Gatling cannons, uh, equipped with Gatling cannons, uh, equipped with Gatling cannons, uh, rocket pods, and heavy dark flamers. We rocket pods, and heavy dark flamers. We rocket pods, and heavy dark flamers. We then have a trio of warog carnivores then have a trio of warog carnivores then have a trio of warog carnivores with havoc multilunchers. One beast of with havoc multilunchers. One beast of with havoc multilunchers. One beast of Nurgle, two nurgling units to hold down Nurgle, two nurgling units to hold down Nurgle, two nurgling units to hold down the midboard, plus the big man himself, the midboard, plus the big man himself, the midboard, plus the big man himself, Rodigus. We've talked about this list Rodigus. We've talked about this list Rodigus. We've talked about this list quite a bit. You have incredible quite a bit. You have incredible quite a bit. You have incredible shooting and resilience from the knight shooting and resilience from the knight shooting and resilience from the knight to spoilers. You're able to hold down to spoilers. You're able to hold down to spoilers. You're able to hold down the middle of the table with Rodigus, the middle of the table with Rodigus, the middle of the table with Rodigus, who can either hold down objectives, who can either hold down objectives, who can either hold down objectives, prevent your opponent from claiming them prevent your opponent from claiming them prevent your opponent from claiming them with his OC reduction aura, or even with his OC reduction aura, or even with his OC reduction aura, or even reduce their movement so they aren't reduce their movement so they aren't reduce their movement so they aren't able to get to grips with the knights. able to get to grips with the knights. able to get to grips with the knights. He can sort of stall out the game for He can sort of stall out the game for He can sort of stall out the game for long enough that the knights can shoot long enough that the knights can shoot long enough that the knights can shoot your army to death and then dominate the your army to death and then dominate the your army to death and then dominate the control of the objectives by themselves. control of the objectives by themselves. control of the objectives by themselves. Now, even though Chaos Knights won the Now, even though Chaos Knights won the Now, even though Chaos Knights won the Gonghammer 2025, they were not the only Gonghammer 2025, they were not the only Gonghammer 2025, they were not the only undefeated list. El Dari also an undefeated list. El Dari also an undefeated list. El Dari also an undefeated 5-0 at that event. This was undefeated 5-0 at that event. This was undefeated 5-0 at that event. This was Greg Mcinity who went undefeated with an Greg Mcinity who went undefeated with an Greg Mcinity who went undefeated with an aspect host. And you might recognize a aspect host. And you might recognize a aspect host. And you might recognize a lot of the units included in this aspect lot of the units included in this aspect lot of the units included in this aspect host list because they are very host list because they are very host list because they are very recognizable. This includes the I guess recognizable. This includes the I guess recognizable. This includes the I guess quintet of powerful phoenix lords. quintet of powerful phoenix lords. quintet of powerful phoenix lords. Azerman, behan, Azerman, behan, Azerman, behan, Janzar, and Lis. We do have a Corsair Janzar, and Lis. We do have a Corsair Janzar, and Lis. We do have a Corsair void reaver squad to hold down the void reaver squad to hold down the void reaver squad to hold down the battle line, act as some scouting battle line, act as some scouting battle line, act as some scouting utility, plus a wave serpent and a utility, plus a wave serpent and a utility, plus a wave serpent and a falcon. That falcon is going to be for falcon. That falcon is going to be for falcon. That falcon is going to be for Azerman's unit to hop into and then Azerman's unit to hop into and then Azerman's unit to hop into and then disembark. get the benefit of fire disembark. get the benefit of fire disembark. get the benefit of fire support, fire their guns, and get back support, fire their guns, and get back support, fire their guns, and get back into the Falcon and re-embark for use of into the Falcon and re-embark for use of into the Falcon and re-embark for use of the rerolls again later on. The wave the rerolls again later on. The wave the rerolls again later on. The wave serpent is then for Fagan's big unit of serpent is then for Fagan's big unit of serpent is then for Fagan's big unit of fire dragons. They're going to hop out, fire dragons. They're going to hop out, fire dragons. They're going to hop out, blow something up, and then use Skyborn blow something up, and then use Skyborn blow something up, and then use Skyborn Sanctuary to jump back in. We have to Sanctuary to jump back in. We have to Sanctuary to jump back in. We have to that end one big unit of 10 fire dragons that end one big unit of 10 fire dragons that end one big unit of 10 fire dragons plus a unit of five Dire Avengers to plus a unit of five Dire Avengers to plus a unit of five Dire Avengers to unlock those combos. We do have a unit unlock those combos. We do have a unit unlock those combos. We do have a unit of five howling banshees for Janzar to of five howling banshees for Janzar to of five howling banshees for Janzar to join into. Three units of rangers for join into. Three units of rangers for join into. Three units of rangers for utility. Three units of swooping hawks utility. Three units of swooping hawks utility. Three units of swooping hawks for some additional utility. One of them for some additional utility. One of them for some additional utility. One of them for Bahara to hop into, plus three units for Bahara to hop into, plus three units for Bahara to hop into, plus three units of warp spiders as well. One of those of warp spiders as well. One of those of warp spiders as well. One of those with a power blade array for Leis to with a power blade array for Leis to with a power blade array for Leis to improve with her enhanced critical improve with her enhanced critical improve with her enhanced critical lethal hit effects. A relatively lethal hit effects. A relatively lethal hit effects. A relatively standard LAR aspect host. Good stuff. standard LAR aspect host. Good stuff. standard LAR aspect host. Good stuff. Essentially the same as we've seen a Essentially the same as we've seen a Essentially the same as we've seen a bunch of times before. bunch of times before. bunch of times before. Now moving on to the OBSC presents Perth Now moving on to the OBSC presents Perth Now moving on to the OBSC presents Perth GT. This was won by Matthew Dean running GT. This was won by Matthew Dean running GT. This was won by Matthew Dean running Adepta Sororitas. And Matthew is playing Adepta Sororitas. And Matthew is playing Adepta Sororitas. And Matthew is playing a relatively standard but an interesting a relatively standard but an interesting a relatively standard but an interesting version of Champions of Faith, a version of Champions of Faith, a version of Champions of Faith, a detachment that buffs the Sacrissant detachment that buffs the Sacrissant detachment that buffs the Sacrissant units inside the army. This includes a units inside the army. This includes a units inside the army. This includes a trio of hospitalers to attach to three trio of hospitalers to attach to three trio of hospitalers to attach to three 10 model units of Celestian Sacrosants. 10 model units of Celestian Sacrosants. 10 model units of Celestian Sacrosants. Those girls are going to get minus one Those girls are going to get minus one Those girls are going to get minus one to be wounded from having an attached to be wounded from having an attached to be wounded from having an attached character, a five plus feel no pain from character, a five plus feel no pain from character, a five plus feel no pain from the hospitaler and D3 plus one the hospitaler and D3 plus one the hospitaler and D3 plus one reanimations every single battle round reanimations every single battle round reanimations every single battle round if you pay miracle dice for them. if you pay miracle dice for them. if you pay miracle dice for them. Incredibly resilient, also access to a Incredibly resilient, also access to a Incredibly resilient, also access to a minus one to hit uh in the detachment as minus one to hit uh in the detachment as minus one to hit uh in the detachment as well. So that's the main bull work of well. So that's the main bull work of well. So that's the main bull work of the Champions of Faith build, but we're the Champions of Faith build, but we're the Champions of Faith build, but we're also running Morvin Ball and also running Morvin Ball and also running Morvin Ball and interestingly Saint Celeststeine. In interestingly Saint Celeststeine. In interestingly Saint Celeststeine. In this case, St. Celestine is running on this case, St. Celestine is running on this case, St. Celestine is running on her lonesome. We're not taking any her lonesome. We're not taking any her lonesome. We're not taking any additional jump pack units to attach her additional jump pack units to attach her additional jump pack units to attach her into, but she is sort of annoying to into, but she is sort of annoying to into, but she is sort of annoying to deal with, especially given the fact deal with, especially given the fact deal with, especially given the fact that she can use Marne Calgar's style of that she can use Marne Calgar's style of that she can use Marne Calgar's style of field no pain sharing where once you field no pain sharing where once you field no pain sharing where once you assign saves to the unit. You can lose assign saves to the unit. You can lose assign saves to the unit. You can lose one Gemini superior, retain one of them, one Gemini superior, retain one of them, one Gemini superior, retain one of them, she grants a field, no pain to she grants a field, no pain to she grants a field, no pain to Celeststeine. Celestine can eat the Celeststeine. Celestine can eat the Celeststeine. Celestine can eat the remainder of the damage, then remainder of the damage, then remainder of the damage, then potentially respawn later on. So, as an potentially respawn later on. So, as an potentially respawn later on. So, as an independent utility unit, it's actually independent utility unit, it's actually independent utility unit, it's actually very difficult to engage with. We then very difficult to engage with. We then very difficult to engage with. We then have a pair of emulators. Those each are have a pair of emulators. Those each are have a pair of emulators. Those each are going to embark a combat squad of going to embark a combat squad of going to embark a combat squad of dominions. Each of those equipped with dominions. Each of those equipped with dominions. Each of those equipped with four melta guns. No flamers on any of four melta guns. No flamers on any of four melta guns. No flamers on any of these combos. By the way, these are all these combos. By the way, these are all these combos. By the way, these are all melta gun dominions with [music] melta gun dominions with [music] melta gun dominions with [music] multimela equipped emulators. But that multimela equipped emulators. But that multimela equipped emulators. But that gives you two scouting units plus two gives you two scouting units plus two gives you two scouting units plus two additional utility units you can use to additional utility units you can use to additional utility units you can use to hold down the backline. But the scouting hold down the backline. But the scouting hold down the backline. But the scouting units can start the peace trade early. units can start the peace trade early. units can start the peace trade early. You can then follow that up with the You can then follow that up with the You can then follow that up with the celestian sacrosants who who can then celestian sacrosants who who can then celestian sacrosants who who can then sort of dominate the middle of the sort of dominate the middle of the sort of dominate the middle of the table. That's all backed up by some table. That's all backed up by some table. That's all backed up by some pretty strong backline shooting. Oh, pretty strong backline shooting. Oh, pretty strong backline shooting. Oh, there's a sanctifier squad as well to there's a sanctifier squad as well to there's a sanctifier squad as well to compound the scout game plan in the compound the scout game plan in the compound the scout game plan in the early game. But then we also have a pair early game. But then we also have a pair early game. But then we also have a pair of retributor squads for some late game of retributor squads for some late game of retributor squads for some late game punch because they're going to gain the punch because they're going to gain the punch because they're going to gain the benefit of that plus one to hit and benefit of that plus one to hit and benefit of that plus one to hit and wound targeting units that have killed wound targeting units that have killed wound targeting units that have killed any of these forward operating units, any of these forward operating units, any of these forward operating units, the scouts or the celestian sacrosans. the scouts or the celestian sacrosans. the scouts or the celestian sacrosans. We have a paragon war suit squad for We have a paragon war suit squad for We have a paragon war suit squad for more vault to hop into. And we have a more vault to hop into. And we have a more vault to hop into. And we have a single autoc cannon equipped castigator. single autoc cannon equipped castigator. single autoc cannon equipped castigator. Now, last but certainly not least, let's Now, last but certainly not least, let's Now, last but certainly not least, let's talk about our final army of the talk about our final army of the talk about our final army of the weekend. And this is going to be Chaos weekend. And this is going to be Chaos weekend. And this is going to be Chaos Space Marines. This was also at the Space Marines. This was also at the Space Marines. This was also at the Heroes of the Midtable Fall, which ended Heroes of the Midtable Fall, which ended Heroes of the Midtable Fall, which ended up being won by an Ultramarine up being won by an Ultramarine up being won by an Ultramarine Stormlands Task Force using Vic Honor Stormlands Task Force using Vic Honor Stormlands Task Force using Vic Honor Guard. But the second place placer, who Guard. But the second place placer, who Guard. But the second place placer, who also went 5-0, was Patrick Great Batch also went 5-0, was Patrick Great Batch also went 5-0, was Patrick Great Batch running a very aggressive version of running a very aggressive version of running a very aggressive version of Renegade Raiders. This is the Chaos Race Renegade Raiders. This is the Chaos Race Renegade Raiders. This is the Chaos Race Range Attachment that focuses on fast Range Attachment that focuses on fast Range Attachment that focuses on fast infantry, gains bonuses targeting infantry, gains bonuses targeting infantry, gains bonuses targeting enemies on objectives, and bonuses for enemies on objectives, and bonuses for enemies on objectives, and bonuses for disembarking transports. [music] To that disembarking transports. [music] To that disembarking transports. [music] To that end, we are playing a pair of Chaos end, we are playing a pair of Chaos end, we are playing a pair of Chaos Lords. One of them has the Dread Reaver Lords. One of them has the Dread Reaver Lords. One of them has the Dread Reaver enhancement. So that gives him a enhancement. So that gives him a enhancement. So that gives him a floating roll when he's wholly within 12 floating roll when he's wholly within 12 floating roll when he's wholly within 12 inches of your opponent's deployment inches of your opponent's deployment inches of your opponent's deployment zone, which to be fair is most of the zone, which to be fair is most of the zone, which to be fair is most of the time that he is disembarking a time that he is disembarking a time that he is disembarking a transport, then potentially advancing transport, then potentially advancing transport, then potentially advancing and charging onto an opposing objective. and charging onto an opposing objective. and charging onto an opposing objective. There are legionary units to attach all There are legionary units to attach all There are legionary units to attach all of the Chaos Lords. So when they use of the Chaos Lords. So when they use of the Chaos Lords. So when they use their ones per capability, they're going their ones per capability, they're going their ones per capability, they're going to get uh that those additional melee to get uh that those additional melee to get uh that those additional melee improvements plus a devastating wound to improvements plus a devastating wound to improvements plus a devastating wound to demon hammer, re-rolling those wound demon hammer, re-rolling those wound demon hammer, re-rolling those wound rolls from the legionnaire's attachment rolls from the legionnaire's attachment rolls from the legionnaire's attachment in order to get additional devastating in order to get additional devastating in order to get additional devastating wounds. We have cipher to muck with the wounds. We have cipher to muck with the wounds. We have cipher to muck with the opponent's command point generation plus opponent's command point generation plus opponent's command point generation plus e fabous bile. A cultist mob, three e fabous bile. A cultist mob, three e fabous bile. A cultist mob, three units of legionaries, so two attachments units of legionaries, so two attachments units of legionaries, so two attachments for the two chaos lords, [music] one for the two chaos lords, [music] one for the two chaos lords, [music] one additional unit that we can use for additional unit that we can use for additional unit that we can use for utility. The other nice thing about utility. The other nice thing about utility. The other nice thing about these two is that you do have a unit of these two is that you do have a unit of these two is that you do have a unit of guys with a bunch of chain swords who guys with a bunch of chain swords who guys with a bunch of chain swords who get wound rolls targeting objectives and get wound rolls targeting objectives and get wound rolls targeting objectives and those are also going to get potentially those are also going to get potentially those are also going to get potentially advancing and charge and charge bonuses advancing and charge and charge bonuses advancing and charge and charge bonuses from the detachment and the AP bonus. So from the detachment and the AP bonus. So from the detachment and the AP bonus. So they're good at treating against other they're good at treating against other they're good at treating against other utility units. So this the last utility units. So this the last utility units. So this the last unattached unit of legionaries is still unattached unit of legionaries is still unattached unit of legionaries is still going to be super helpful. Fabius Bile going to be super helpful. Fabius Bile going to be super helpful. Fabius Bile is going to hop into a big unit of 10 is going to hop into a big unit of 10 is going to hop into a big unit of 10 chosen so he can grant them his chosen so he can grant them his chosen so he can grant them his leadership buff with the plus one leadership buff with the plus one leadership buff with the plus one strength and attacks to the bodyguard strength and attacks to the bodyguard strength and attacks to the bodyguard models. There is a chaos reno for them models. There is a chaos reno for them models. There is a chaos reno for them to hop into as well. So that's another to hop into as well. So that's another to hop into as well. So that's another relatively long threat range advance and relatively long threat range advance and relatively long threat range advance and charge unit. We have a unit of chaos charge unit. We have a unit of chaos charge unit. We have a unit of chaos bikers for utility. Other benefit that bikers for utility. Other benefit that bikers for utility. Other benefit that these guys have is that they can fall these guys have is that they can fall these guys have is that they can fall back at the end of a fight phase. So back at the end of a fight phase. So back at the end of a fight phase. So even if you come and tag them at the end even if you come and tag them at the end even if you come and tag them at the end of your opponent's turn, potentially of your opponent's turn, potentially of your opponent's turn, potentially they could move 12 in, fall back, put 60 they could move 12 in, fall back, put 60 they could move 12 in, fall back, put 60 OC on an objective to flip it to for you OC on an objective to flip it to for you OC on an objective to flip it to for you to then come score. So they can be to then come score. So they can be to then come score. So they can be really obnoxious to deal with in really obnoxious to deal with in really obnoxious to deal with in Renegade Radar specifically. We have Renegade Radar specifically. We have Renegade Radar specifically. We have some shooting presented by two chaos some shooting presented by two chaos some shooting presented by two chaos predator destructors to get the plus one predator destructors to get the plus one predator destructors to get the plus one AP targeting enemies on an objective. A AP targeting enemies on an objective. A AP targeting enemies on an objective. A single beast of Nurgle and a single single beast of Nurgle and a single single beast of Nurgle and a single nurgling swarm to act as utility units nurgling swarm to act as utility units nurgling swarm to act as utility units and to hold down the midboard. And then and to hold down the midboard. And then and to hold down the midboard. And then we have a a bunch of additional melee we have a a bunch of additional melee we have a a bunch of additional melee threat that includes a nemesis claw threat that includes a nemesis claw threat that includes a nemesis claw which can prevent enemies from using which can prevent enemies from using which can prevent enemies from using strategys when they're engaging them strategys when they're engaging them strategys when they're engaging them which allows you to engage with multiple which allows you to engage with multiple which allows you to engage with multiple things like the chosen and legionary things like the chosen and legionary things like the chosen and legionary units or the warp talons and prevent units or the warp talons and prevent units or the warp talons and prevent enemies from being able to interrupt enemies from being able to interrupt enemies from being able to interrupt into that because you simply can't use into that because you simply can't use into that because you simply can't use the strategm when the nemesis claw is the strategm when the nemesis claw is the strategm when the nemesis claw is engaging you. So it allows you to engage engaging you. So it allows you to engage engaging you. So it allows you to engage in broad multi- combats a lot more in broad multi- combats a lot more in broad multi- combats a lot more easily and mess with your opponent's easily and mess with your opponent's easily and mess with your opponent's defensive or offensive strategys. We defensive or offensive strategys. We defensive or offensive strategys. We also then have that warp talon unit. also then have that warp talon unit. also then have that warp talon unit. These guys get some great benefits from These guys get some great benefits from These guys get some great benefits from Renegade Raiders, especially bonuses Renegade Raiders, especially bonuses Renegade Raiders, especially bonuses targeting enemies on objectives, which targeting enemies on objectives, which targeting enemies on objectives, which is huge to allow them to more is huge to allow them to more is huge to allow them to more consistently kill their intended charge consistently kill their intended charge consistently kill their intended charge target and then return into reserve to target and then return into reserve to target and then return into reserve to then jump back in later. And with that, then jump back in later. And with that, then jump back in later. And with that, those are all the best arms Warhammer those are all the best arms Warhammer those are all the best arms Warhammer 40k for this week. Thanks for watching 40k for this week. Thanks for watching 40k for this week. Thanks for watching all the way to the end of the video. Let all the way to the end of the video. Let all the way to the end of the video. Let me know down in the comment section me know down in the comment section me know down in the comment section which list from this week is your which list from this week is your which list from this week is your favorite and what you think of the favorite and what you think of the favorite and what you think of the current metag game so far. Definitely current metag game so far. Definitely current metag game so far. Definitely feels like things are slowly percolating feels like things are slowly percolating feels like things are slowly percolating towards factions like Ultramarines and towards factions like Ultramarines and towards factions like Ultramarines and Adeptus Mechanicus, but it is still Adeptus Mechanicus, but it is still Adeptus Mechanicus, but it is still relatively wide open. Thanks to Lighter relatively wide open. Thanks to Lighter relatively wide open. Thanks to Lighter Creative for sponsoring this video. Creative for sponsoring this video. Creative for sponsoring this video. Thanks to everyone who supports Tactical Thanks to everyone who supports Tactical Thanks to everyone who supports Tactical Tortoise either over on Patreon at Tortoise either over on Patreon at Tortoise either over on Patreon at patreon.com/tactical tortoise. YouTube patreon.com/tactical tortoise. YouTube patreon.com/tactical tortoise. YouTube channel members and Twitch subscribers. channel members and Twitch subscribers. channel members and Twitch subscribers. All you people are amazing and I love All you people are amazing and I love All you people are amazing and I love you. Remember to keep it classy, folks, you. Remember to keep it classy, folks, you. Remember to keep it classy, folks, and have happy war gaming.