This channel is sponsored by the Army Painter. Depending on your taste for Prometheum, the color green, and your own desire to burninate the countryside, Firestorm Assault Force might not have been hot enough for you. Forgefather's Seekers is here to address just that, letting you join forces with Vulcan Hastan to find the Dragon Balls and bring back his dad. Hold on, I'm being told that the lore is a little different than that, but I never read the manga. Sorry. For detachment focuses, codex reviews, and hobby tutorials, subscribe to us here on YouTube. To read more, head to goonhammer.com. Link in the description. Detachment Rule, Vulcan's Quest and Seekers Companions. Ranged weapons on Adeptus Astartes units in your army gain the Assault keyword. Ranged attacks made against units within 12 inches gain plus one strength. If Vulcan Hastan is in your army, Infernus Marines can perform actions in turns where they shoot or advance, and shoot in turns where they perform an action. Your army cannot include chapter-specific units unless they're from the Salamanders chapter. This is essentially Vulcan's personal take on Firestorm. The rules encourage aggressive, close-range shooting to annihilate targets quickly, and threaten fiery retribution if the opponent tries to punch back. To that end, it incentivizes Melta and Torrent weapons that often want to be up close, and lets them get there faster with Assault. Obviously, the focus is on Infernus Marines and Vulcan himself, who cranks them up to OC2, letting them not just surge up the board and torch stuff, but hold objectives and perform actions as well. Essentially, this is Firestorm Assault Force without the focus on transports. Now, there's only one new enhancement here compared to Firestorm Assault Force, so the rest should be pretty familiar. Immolator replaces Firestorm's Champion of Humanity enhancement, and adds an extra shot to Torrent weapons in the Bearer's unit. Stick it on a character palling around with a big squad of Infernus Marines or Flamestorm Aggressors to really turn up the heat. War-Tempered Artifice is as straightforward as they come, upping the strength of melee weapons by three. A Power Fist or Thunder Hammer going up to Strength 11 is a decent tool to deal with knights and vehicles, and it's especially useful on a Gravis Captain with multiple weapons. Forged in Battle lets the Bearer change a single hit or save throw for their unit to a six once per turn. While it's good to make that clutch save, it can also be used to guarantee a critical hit, letting you trigger a lethal hit from a Lieutenant or Apothecary Biologist. Adamantine Mantle offers a flat point of damage reduction for the Bearer, or changes a Torrent or Melta weapon's damage to a flat one, which is pretty thematic. Unfortunately, with the way modifiers work, the bonus damage from the Melta rule applies after damage reduction. So while you might change the D6 damage of Fuegan's gun to a one, that Melta 6 will punch a hole clean through you. Four of the Stratagems are carried over from Firestorm Assault Force, with the emphasis of the new ones changing from Transports to Infantry. Armor of Contempt is the same here as in any vanilla Marine Detachment, reducing the AP of incoming attacks against one of your units by one. It's only for one unit's attacks, but it is a great way to save your unit or make your Land Raiders frustratingly durable. Crucible of Battle gives an Infantry unit plus one to wound in the shooting or fight phase against the closest eligible target within six inches. This is on a per-model basis, so you'll want to be careful with positioning. It's strong if you get your models in the right spot, though. Wrathful Inferno lets an Infantry unit fall back and shoot. Considering how much this Detachment wants you getting up close and personal with units that can't punch too well, this is great to get out of a jam. Immolation Protocols gives a unit's Torrent weapons Devastating Wounds. Aggressors or Infernus Marines with Vulcan are the best candidates here, as they both get to reroll wounds to maximize your chance of getting those Devastating Wounds. It's expensive at two command points, so consider using it with a Captain to reduce the cost. Blazing Earth reduces the charge distance of a unit within 12 inches of one of your units with a Torrent weapon, dropping their charge roll by two. It doesn't work on vehicles, monsters, or units that can fly, so it's by nature very situational. It's interesting in that you don't need to use it on the target of a charge, so you could be a bit more proactive with it, but usually you'll want to be overwatching with those Torrent weapons instead. Burning Vengeance is a Duke Nukem quote as a stratagem. It lets a unit jump out of one of your transports and shoot back at the unit that shot up their ride. They can only target that unit, and they need to be an eligible target, but if someone makes the mistake of firing their pistols at your land raider, the aggressors inside will ensure they don't make that mistake again. This detachment will feel very familiar to you if you've spent any time with the Firestorm Assault Force. It wants to go fast and hit hard up close where those sweet strength breakpoints start kicking in, especially with the changes to Night Toughness. Meltas become a lot more viable at Strength 10, and Strength 6 Pyroblasters are going to punch you up better than before. Where this detachment diverges from Firestorm Assault Force is the change of focus from transports to infantry. With the exception of Burning Vengeance, all the stratagems have pivoted towards your humble dudes with flamethrowers, and the Seeker's Companion rule wants you running Infernous Marines more than ever. You don't technically have to bring Vulcan to run this detachment, but why wouldn't you? Rerolling wound rolls for Melta and Torrent weapons is obviously good here, and cranking up the versatility and lethality of your Infernous Marines gives them a distinct job that Intercessors don't already fill. The other units that were supported in Firestorm continue to be good here, like the various Stormspeeders, Eradicators, and Aggressors. The Landraider Redeemer is also right at home in this detachment, being both a transport and a Torrent wielder. It was good before, and it's good now. Crucible of Battle remains a great ability to push the math in your favor, and is the only melee-relevant strat available, but taking something like Aggressor Power Fists to force to wound against big knights is great, and while you have Oath of Moment providing the same effect, being able to get plus one to wound in two locations or still get plus one to wound against a minus one to wound target is solid. It also means that you can Oath a target for your units that don't know how to Torrent, and it lets your Infernus and Aggressor units burn things without feeling guilty about not using the hit rerolls. Now let's go over the strengths to weaknesses. Reactive Threats Between bonuses to the strength and number of shots in your Torrent weapons, plus stratagems like Burning Vengeance and Overwatch, you've got a load of tools to punish your opponent. Mobility All of your weapons gaining assault means that you can stay mobile and shoot with your entire army. Close Range Firepower Meltas are a load scarier at strength 10, and your Torrent weapons also hit some key breakpoints at higher strength. Unfortunately, this detachment goes all in on Infernus marines, who are a fairly middling datasheet, and at the end of the day, even with Vulcan, they're still basic marines. Speaking of Vulcan, if you don't want to take him and units he can attach to, there's really not much reason to take this detachment over Firestorm. Melee This doesn't do a ton for your melee output, despite one you up very close. Forgefather Seekers doesn't do much we haven't seen before, but it does allow a Salamander's player to lean more heavily into the Trogdor lifestyle, with even more of a focus on her Flamer infantry than the Firestorm assault force. It's kind of like half of a new detachment, all in service to Vulcan and his shiny new model. If you want to read more about this detachment and check out a sample list, head over to Goonhammer.com. I can already tell you're burning to hit that subscribe button, and I'd like to task you with the quest of supporting us on Patreon, where you can get access to bonus podcasts, extra features in tabletop battles, and more! I've been ProgRockMcBlueOysterCult, and I'm burning, I'm burning, I'm burning for you! Thanks for watching.