If you like the video, feel free to like If you like the video, feel free to like and subscribe. It really helps the and subscribe. It really helps the and subscribe. It really helps the channel out. Thanks for watching. Thanks channel out. Thanks for watching. Thanks channel out. Thanks for watching. Thanks for stopping by. for stopping by. for stopping by. Forge Father Seekers. 10 tips and Forge Father Seekers. 10 tips and Forge Father Seekers. 10 tips and tricks. This video is taking a look at tricks. This video is taking a look at tricks. This video is taking a look at 10 tips and tricks for the new 10 tips and tricks for the new 10 tips and tricks for the new Salamander detachment, Forge Father Salamander detachment, Forge Father Salamander detachment, Forge Father Seekers. I've been playing around with Seekers. I've been playing around with Seekers. I've been playing around with this detachment. I'd like to feel this this detachment. I'd like to feel this this detachment. I'd like to feel this detachment over the Firestorm Assault detachment over the Firestorm Assault detachment over the Firestorm Assault Force detachment. The 10 tips and tricks Force detachment. The 10 tips and tricks Force detachment. The 10 tips and tricks for this video. We have two ways to gain for this video. We have two ways to gain for this video. We have two ways to gain plus one to wound. Forge father seekers plus one to wound. Forge father seekers plus one to wound. Forge father seekers is a shooting detachment. Vulcan has the is a shooting detachment. Vulcan has the is a shooting detachment. Vulcan has the tactic as keyword. Take infernace tactic as keyword. Take infernace tactic as keyword. Take infernace marines. The blazing earth strategium marines. The blazing earth strategium marines. The blazing earth strategium tips and tricks. The new raffle infernal tips and tricks. The new raffle infernal tips and tricks. The new raffle infernal strategm tips and tricks. We can build a strategm tips and tricks. We can build a strategm tips and tricks. We can build a smash captain emulator enhancement tips smash captain emulator enhancement tips smash captain emulator enhancement tips and tricks. Which transports do we want and tricks. Which transports do we want and tricks. Which transports do we want to take in our list? And what are some to take in our list? And what are some to take in our list? And what are some of our top units for this new of our top units for this new of our top units for this new detachment? Those will be our 10 tips detachment? Those will be our 10 tips detachment? Those will be our 10 tips and tricks for this video. Let's move on and tricks for this video. Let's move on and tricks for this video. Let's move on to tip number one. to tip number one. to tip number one. Forge Father Seekers has two ways to Forge Father Seekers has two ways to Forge Father Seekers has two ways to gain plus one to the wound roll. The gain plus one to the wound roll. The gain plus one to the wound roll. The first way for F forge Father Seekers first way for F forge Father Seekers first way for F forge Father Seekers list to gain plus one to the wound roll list to gain plus one to the wound roll list to gain plus one to the wound roll is the Crucible of Battle Strategim. We is the Crucible of Battle Strategim. We is the Crucible of Battle Strategim. We do have to be within 6 in of the target do have to be within 6 in of the target do have to be within 6 in of the target and the closest eligible target. We can and the closest eligible target. We can and the closest eligible target. We can use the strategium in the shooting or use the strategium in the shooting or use the strategium in the shooting or the fight phase. The fight phase, it'll the fight phase. The fight phase, it'll the fight phase. The fight phase, it'll be much easier to use Crucible of be much easier to use Crucible of be much easier to use Crucible of battle. The detachment rule adds plus battle. The detachment rule adds plus battle. The detachment rule adds plus one strength and assault to range one strength and assault to range one strength and assault to range weapons within 12 in. That will give our weapons within 12 in. That will give our weapons within 12 in. That will give our entire army advance and shoot. Some entire army advance and shoot. Some entire army advance and shoot. Some range weapons plus one strength combined range weapons plus one strength combined range weapons plus one strength combined with plus one to wound can create a semi with plus one to wound can create a semi with plus one to wound can create a semi plus two to the wound roll. A strength plus two to the wound roll. A strength plus two to the wound roll. A strength four weapon targets a toughness four four weapon targets a toughness four four weapon targets a toughness four unit that will wound on a 4 plus. Have unit that will wound on a 4 plus. Have unit that will wound on a 4 plus. Have our range weapon within 12 in. Now we our range weapon within 12 in. Now we our range weapon within 12 in. Now we have a strength five weapon wounding have a strength five weapon wounding have a strength five weapon wounding that same target on a 3 plus. Have that that same target on a 3 plus. Have that that same target on a 3 plus. Have that unit within 6 in. Use crucible of unit within 6 in. Use crucible of unit within 6 in. Use crucible of battle. Now we wound that same toughness battle. Now we wound that same toughness battle. Now we wound that same toughness for target on a two plus. for target on a two plus. for target on a two plus. The second way to get plus one to wound The second way to get plus one to wound The second way to get plus one to wound is the space marine army rule oath of is the space marine army rule oath of is the space marine army rule oath of moment. Forge father seekers does push moment. Forge father seekers does push moment. Forge father seekers does push us towards torrent weapons which are us towards torrent weapons which are us towards torrent weapons which are autohitting weapons which won't get as autohitting weapons which won't get as autohitting weapons which won't get as much use out of oath of moment but our much use out of oath of moment but our much use out of oath of moment but our melt weapons and any other weapon that melt weapons and any other weapon that melt weapons and any other weapon that is not a torrent weapon including our is not a torrent weapon including our is not a torrent weapon including our melee weapons will enjoy being able to melee weapons will enjoy being able to melee weapons will enjoy being able to roll the hit roll with plus one to the roll the hit roll with plus one to the roll the hit roll with plus one to the wound roll from oath of moment. Until wound roll from oath of moment. Until wound roll from oath of moment. Until recently, technically the forge father recently, technically the forge father recently, technically the forge father seekers was not written in a way to gain seekers was not written in a way to gain seekers was not written in a way to gain plus one to the wound from oath moment. plus one to the wound from oath moment. plus one to the wound from oath moment. GW has released a new FAQ forge father GW has released a new FAQ forge father GW has released a new FAQ forge father seekers and any of the new detachments seekers and any of the new detachments seekers and any of the new detachments for the code compliant space marines for the code compliant space marines for the code compliant space marines will have that plus one to the wound will have that plus one to the wound will have that plus one to the wound role into the oath of moment target. role into the oath of moment target. role into the oath of moment target. This salamander's detachment is a This salamander's detachment is a This salamander's detachment is a shooting first detachment. What does shooting first detachment. What does shooting first detachment. What does that mean? It means we have a lot more that mean? It means we have a lot more that mean? It means we have a lot more rules in the detachment that support rules in the detachment that support rules in the detachment that support shooting units instead of melee units. shooting units instead of melee units. shooting units instead of melee units. We can build melee lists, but they will We can build melee lists, but they will We can build melee lists, but they will not benefit from a lot of the rules in not benefit from a lot of the rules in not benefit from a lot of the rules in the forge father seekers. The detachment the forge father seekers. The detachment the forge father seekers. The detachment rule only works on range weapons rule only works on range weapons rule only works on range weapons strength within 12 in of their target. strength within 12 in of their target. strength within 12 in of their target. All the departures units in your army All the departures units in your army All the departures units in your army gain the assault ability which will gain the assault ability which will gain the assault ability which will allow our army to advance and shoot. The allow our army to advance and shoot. The allow our army to advance and shoot. The detachment rule, one enhancement and detachment rule, one enhancement and detachment rule, one enhancement and three strategys are used in the shooting three strategys are used in the shooting three strategys are used in the shooting phase. Two more require shooting units. phase. Two more require shooting units. phase. Two more require shooting units. Armor of content for 1 CP is a rare Armor of content for 1 CP is a rare Armor of content for 1 CP is a rare defensive strategim. If 75% or more of defensive strategim. If 75% or more of defensive strategim. If 75% or more of the rules are leaning towards shooting, the rules are leaning towards shooting, the rules are leaning towards shooting, the shooting units seem to be the way to the shooting units seem to be the way to the shooting units seem to be the way to go. We can pull off some melee go. We can pull off some melee go. We can pull off some melee combinations with Adrax and Crucible of combinations with Adrax and Crucible of combinations with Adrax and Crucible of Battle, melee is used as a tool to Battle, melee is used as a tool to Battle, melee is used as a tool to defend our shooting units and Forge defend our shooting units and Forge defend our shooting units and Forge Father Seekers. Plus one strength and Father Seekers. Plus one strength and Father Seekers. Plus one strength and assault on our Startis range weapons can assault on our Startis range weapons can assault on our Startis range weapons can push certain weapons into better break push certain weapons into better break push certain weapons into better break points. Melt to weapons from strength 9 points. Melt to weapons from strength 9 points. Melt to weapons from strength 9 to strength 10 are a good example or the to strength 10 are a good example or the to strength 10 are a good example or the aggressor's flamestorm gauntlets going aggressor's flamestorm gauntlets going aggressor's flamestorm gauntlets going from strength four to strength five. from strength four to strength five. from strength four to strength five. With the new detachment came a new model With the new detachment came a new model With the new detachment came a new model and data sheet for Vulcan Histan and he and data sheet for Vulcan Histan and he and data sheet for Vulcan Histan and he now has the tacticus keyword. Along with now has the tacticus keyword. Along with now has the tacticus keyword. Along with the tactis keyword change, there was a the tactis keyword change, there was a the tactis keyword change, there was a few other changes along with that data few other changes along with that data few other changes along with that data sheet. The gauntlet of the forge, his sheet. The gauntlet of the forge, his sheet. The gauntlet of the forge, his range weapon, has the pistol ability range weapon, has the pistol ability range weapon, has the pistol ability now. It can be shot in the shooting now. It can be shot in the shooting now. It can be shot in the shooting phase even if we are at engagement phase even if we are at engagement phase even if we are at engagement range. The Spear of Vulcan, his melee range. The Spear of Vulcan, his melee range. The Spear of Vulcan, his melee weapon, has devastating wounds. Now, his weapon, has devastating wounds. Now, his weapon, has devastating wounds. Now, his abilities, the Seeker of the Unfound, abilities, the Seeker of the Unfound, abilities, the Seeker of the Unfound, has a new sentence. The first time this has a new sentence. The first time this has a new sentence. The first time this model is set up on the battlefield, if model is set up on the battlefield, if model is set up on the battlefield, if he is inside a transport or reserves, we he is inside a transport or reserves, we he is inside a transport or reserves, we can wait until his actual model is on can wait until his actual model is on can wait until his actual model is on the battlefield to pick a Seeker of the the battlefield to pick a Seeker of the the battlefield to pick a Seeker of the Unfound objective. It allows a bit more Unfound objective. It allows a bit more Unfound objective. It allows a bit more time before we choose our objective time before we choose our objective time before we choose our objective before we had to pick it at the start of before we had to pick it at the start of before we had to pick it at the start of the battle. What does Vulcan Han having the battle. What does Vulcan Han having the battle. What does Vulcan Han having the Tacticus keyword actually mean? This the Tacticus keyword actually mean? This the Tacticus keyword actually mean? This means we can finally put Vulc in his means we can finally put Vulc in his means we can finally put Vulc in his stand inside all of the primary stand inside all of the primary stand inside all of the primary transports. Now, before the new data transports. Now, before the new data transports. Now, before the new data sheet, he did not have the tacticus sheet, he did not have the tacticus sheet, he did not have the tacticus keyword. Rhinos and Razerbacks were his keyword. Rhinos and Razerbacks were his keyword. Rhinos and Razerbacks were his taxi of choice. Rejoice salamanders, taxi of choice. Rejoice salamanders, taxi of choice. Rejoice salamanders, Vulcan Histan can finally embark inside Vulcan Histan can finally embark inside Vulcan Histan can finally embark inside impulsers. impulsers. impulsers. Next up is take Infernace Squad and Next up is take Infernace Squad and Next up is take Infernace Squad and Inferno Squad tips and tricks. The Inferno Squad tips and tricks. The Inferno Squad tips and tricks. The strength five AP1 torrent weapon with strength five AP1 torrent weapon with strength five AP1 torrent weapon with ignores cover power blaster is why I ignores cover power blaster is why I ignores cover power blaster is why I like this unit. Most infantry torrent like this unit. Most infantry torrent like this unit. Most infantry torrent weapons are strength four, sometimes AP0 weapons are strength four, sometimes AP0 weapons are strength four, sometimes AP0 as well. Even our aggressors only have a as well. Even our aggressors only have a as well. Even our aggressors only have a strength 4 AP0 torrent weapon with strength 4 AP0 torrent weapon with strength 4 AP0 torrent weapon with ignores cover. Strength 5 AP1 ignores ignores cover. Strength 5 AP1 ignores ignores cover. Strength 5 AP1 ignores cover gives the infernace a lot more cover gives the infernace a lot more cover gives the infernace a lot more threat than it seems at first. Within 12 threat than it seems at first. Within 12 threat than it seems at first. Within 12 in of the target, the detachment rule in of the target, the detachment rule in of the target, the detachment rule Vulcan's Quest will now have these Vulcan's Quest will now have these Vulcan's Quest will now have these torrent weapons up to strength six. The torrent weapons up to strength six. The torrent weapons up to strength six. The roll hits from OA moment won't help the roll hits from OA moment won't help the roll hits from OA moment won't help the infernace marines shooting. They have infernace marines shooting. They have infernace marines shooting. They have autohitting torrent pyro blaster. It autohitting torrent pyro blaster. It autohitting torrent pyro blaster. It will help when they get into melee. When will help when they get into melee. When will help when they get into melee. When we use them in a salamander's list, we we use them in a salamander's list, we we use them in a salamander's list, we will have access to we will have access will have access to we will have access will have access to we will have access to plus one to the wound roll from the to plus one to the wound roll from the to plus one to the wound roll from the oath of a moment target or crucible of oath of a moment target or crucible of oath of a moment target or crucible of battle. Now, when we are within 12 in, battle. Now, when we are within 12 in, battle. Now, when we are within 12 in, these strength six AP1 damage one torret these strength six AP1 damage one torret these strength six AP1 damage one torret weapons can threaten anything toughness weapons can threaten anything toughness weapons can threaten anything toughness 5 and under and decent damage to 5 and under and decent damage to 5 and under and decent damage to anything higher than toughness 5. We can anything higher than toughness 5. We can anything higher than toughness 5. We can run these in either a five or 10man run these in either a five or 10man run these in either a five or 10man unit. I prefer the bigger unit, but even unit. I prefer the bigger unit, but even unit. I prefer the bigger unit, but even the fivemans do have a place. Even more the fivemans do have a place. Even more the fivemans do have a place. Even more so when we bring Bulk and his stand on so when we bring Bulk and his stand on so when we bring Bulk and his stand on the list, taking each Infernace reign up the list, taking each Infernace reign up the list, taking each Infernace reign up to OC2. The 10-man has a maximum of 60 to OC2. The 10-man has a maximum of 60 to OC2. The 10-man has a maximum of 60 shot potential. Combine that with some shot potential. Combine that with some shot potential. Combine that with some characters to lead the Infernace and characters to lead the Infernace and characters to lead the Infernace and some detachment rules. This unit is some detachment rules. This unit is some detachment rules. This unit is cooking. Inferno squads can advance and cooking. Inferno squads can advance and cooking. Inferno squads can advance and perform an action or shoot and perform perform an action or shoot and perform perform an action or shoot and perform an action in the Forge Father Seekers. an action in the Forge Father Seekers. an action in the Forge Father Seekers. They can run and score points or burn They can run and score points or burn They can run and score points or burn things to death and score points. things to death and score points. things to death and score points. Blazing Earth tips and tricks. The Blazing Earth tips and tricks. The Blazing Earth tips and tricks. The Blazing Earth Strategim at the start of Blazing Earth Strategim at the start of Blazing Earth Strategim at the start of your opponent's charge phase. one your opponent's charge phase. one your opponent's charge phase. one adeptus custard unit from your army adeptus custard unit from your army adeptus custard unit from your army equipped with one or more torrent equipped with one or more torrent equipped with one or more torrent weapons. Select one enemy unit excluding weapons. Select one enemy unit excluding weapons. Select one enemy unit excluding monsters or vehicle units and units with monsters or vehicle units and units with monsters or vehicle units and units with the fly keyword within 12 in and visible the fly keyword within 12 in and visible the fly keyword within 12 in and visible to your unit until the end of the phase to your unit until the end of the phase to your unit until the end of the phase each time that enemy unit declares a each time that enemy unit declares a each time that enemy unit declares a charge. Subtract two from the charge charge. Subtract two from the charge charge. Subtract two from the charge roll. This does not stack with any other roll. This does not stack with any other roll. This does not stack with any other negative modifiers to the charge roll. negative modifiers to the charge roll. negative modifiers to the charge roll. There are a few things to note about There are a few things to note about There are a few things to note about this strategim. First, we only need one this strategim. First, we only need one this strategim. First, we only need one model with a torrent weapon to use model with a torrent weapon to use model with a torrent weapon to use blazing earth. A intercessor squad with blazing earth. A intercessor squad with blazing earth. A intercessor squad with a sergeant with a hand flamer would a sergeant with a hand flamer would a sergeant with a hand flamer would allow us to use blazing earth. We can't allow us to use blazing earth. We can't allow us to use blazing earth. We can't use this on monsters, vehicles, or units use this on monsters, vehicles, or units use this on monsters, vehicles, or units with the fly keyword. The second thing with the fly keyword. The second thing with the fly keyword. The second thing to notice, the unit using this strategim to notice, the unit using this strategim to notice, the unit using this strategim does not need to be the target of the does not need to be the target of the does not need to be the target of the charge. At the start of the opponent's charge. At the start of the opponent's charge. At the start of the opponent's charge phase, select a unit with the charge phase, select a unit with the charge phase, select a unit with the torrent weapon within 12 in and visible torrent weapon within 12 in and visible torrent weapon within 12 in and visible to the enemy unit and slap a minus one to the enemy unit and slap a minus one to the enemy unit and slap a minus one to the charge roll on that enemy unit. to the charge roll on that enemy unit. to the charge roll on that enemy unit. We could use overwatch for 1 CP, but We could use overwatch for 1 CP, but We could use overwatch for 1 CP, but with one hand flamer, why bother? I can with one hand flamer, why bother? I can with one hand flamer, why bother? I can see this being very useful on an enemy see this being very useful on an enemy see this being very useful on an enemy unit that arrived this turn using deep unit that arrived this turn using deep unit that arrived this turn using deep strike or reserves. Minus two to the strike or reserves. Minus two to the strike or reserves. Minus two to the charge turns those already hard 9-in charge turns those already hard 9-in charge turns those already hard 9-in charges into 11in charges. Brotherhood charges into 11in charges. Brotherhood charges into 11in charges. Brotherhood strike grey knights are going to hate strike grey knights are going to hate strike grey knights are going to hate this strategm. It is every time the unit this strategm. It is every time the unit this strategm. It is every time the unit declares a charge too instead of only declares a charge too instead of only declares a charge too instead of only when they charge the salamander's unit when they charge the salamander's unit when they charge the salamander's unit who use this strategim. That means our who use this strategim. That means our who use this strategim. That means our opponent will have to be wary of any opponent will have to be wary of any opponent will have to be wary of any unit that has a torrent weapon that can unit that has a torrent weapon that can unit that has a torrent weapon that can slap on that minus two to their charge slap on that minus two to their charge slap on that minus two to their charge even if they aren't charging the unit even if they aren't charging the unit even if they aren't charging the unit that is using the strategm. Some games that is using the strategm. Some games that is using the strategm. Some games this will be very situational. Others it this will be very situational. Others it this will be very situational. Others it will be a nightmare for the opponent. will be a nightmare for the opponent. will be a nightmare for the opponent. Wrathful Inferno tips and tricks. This Wrathful Inferno tips and tricks. This Wrathful Inferno tips and tricks. This is another strategm. Your movement phase is another strategm. Your movement phase is another strategm. Your movement phase just after adeptus start infantry unit just after adeptus start infantry unit just after adeptus start infantry unit from your army falls back until the end from your army falls back until the end from your army falls back until the end of the turn. Your unit is eligible to of the turn. Your unit is eligible to of the turn. Your unit is eligible to shoot in a turn in which it fell back. I shoot in a turn in which it fell back. I shoot in a turn in which it fell back. I have a simple tip for the strategm. have a simple tip for the strategm. have a simple tip for the strategm. Don't forget about it. Blazing earth, Don't forget about it. Blazing earth, Don't forget about it. Blazing earth, raffle inferno, emulator, all of these raffle inferno, emulator, all of these raffle inferno, emulator, all of these new fancy pants fire names. It can be new fancy pants fire names. It can be new fancy pants fire names. It can be hard to remember what is what. The new hard to remember what is what. The new hard to remember what is what. The new fall back and shoot strategim is fall back and shoot strategim is fall back and shoot strategim is probably the best of the new addition to probably the best of the new addition to probably the best of the new addition to the detachment. It helps keeps our the detachment. It helps keeps our the detachment. It helps keeps our shooting units in the fight harder to shooting units in the fight harder to shooting units in the fight harder to tag us with consolidation moves. We tag us with consolidation moves. We tag us with consolidation moves. We could fall back from 1CP and then could fall back from 1CP and then could fall back from 1CP and then barbecue that enemy unit. barbecue that enemy unit. barbecue that enemy unit. Can we build a smash captain? The answer Can we build a smash captain? The answer Can we build a smash captain? The answer is yes, but not that scary. The problem is yes, but not that scary. The problem is yes, but not that scary. The problem with making salamander smash captain is with making salamander smash captain is with making salamander smash captain is the characters themselves and the the characters themselves and the the characters themselves and the wartempered artifice enhancement. wartempered artifice enhancement. wartempered artifice enhancement. Ideally for a smash captain, we want to Ideally for a smash captain, we want to Ideally for a smash captain, we want to be able to threaten toughness 10 to be able to threaten toughness 10 to be able to threaten toughness 10 to toughness 12 targets. Wartempered toughness 12 targets. Wartempered toughness 12 targets. Wartempered artifice only grants the bearer plus artifice only grants the bearer plus artifice only grants the bearer plus three strength. The grabs captain can three strength. The grabs captain can three strength. The grabs captain can equip power fist, which will make equip power fist, which will make equip power fist, which will make strength 11, AP2 damage to power fist. strength 11, AP2 damage to power fist. strength 11, AP2 damage to power fist. There are some other options, a chaplain There are some other options, a chaplain There are some other options, a chaplain on bike, a judicier, or a terminator on bike, a judicier, or a terminator on bike, a judicier, or a terminator captain. We can build a high strength captain. We can build a high strength captain. We can build a high strength melee character. I would just bring melee character. I would just bring melee character. I would just bring Adrax Agatone instead. Adrax Agatone instead. Adrax Agatone instead. Which character for emulator Which character for emulator Which character for emulator enhancement? Our emulator enhancement enhancement? Our emulator enhancement enhancement? Our emulator enhancement can be put on Adeptus Custod's model can be put on Adeptus Custod's model can be put on Adeptus Custod's model only. Add one to the attacks of torrent only. Add one to the attacks of torrent only. Add one to the attacks of torrent weapons equipped by models in the weapons equipped by models in the weapons equipped by models in the bearer's unit. A Gravis captain joined bearer's unit. A Gravis captain joined bearer's unit. A Gravis captain joined with aggressors to give the aggressors with aggressors to give the aggressors with aggressors to give the aggressors D6 plus2 flamestor gauntlet torrent D6 plus2 flamestor gauntlet torrent D6 plus2 flamestor gauntlet torrent shots. A captain and tacticus armor shots. A captain and tacticus armor shots. A captain and tacticus armor joined to infernus is a good choice too. joined to infernus is a good choice too. joined to infernus is a good choice too. The furnace marines would have d6 plus The furnace marines would have d6 plus The furnace marines would have d6 plus one pyro blaster torrent shots. We could one pyro blaster torrent shots. We could one pyro blaster torrent shots. We could also use emulation protocols for 1 CP also use emulation protocols for 1 CP also use emulation protocols for 1 CP with the captain to reduce the cost of with the captain to reduce the cost of with the captain to reduce the cost of that strategm. A librarian joined to that strategm. A librarian joined to that strategm. A librarian joined to infernus squad is an interesting option infernus squad is an interesting option infernus squad is an interesting option too. The unit would have a four plus too. The unit would have a four plus too. The unit would have a four plus invulnerable save and a four plus invulnerable save and a four plus invulnerable save and a four plus funeral pain to psychic attacks. funeral pain to psychic attacks. funeral pain to psychic attacks. Characters who can join aggressors or Characters who can join aggressors or Characters who can join aggressors or infernace squads are the best characters infernace squads are the best characters infernace squads are the best characters for the emulator enhancement. for the emulator enhancement. for the emulator enhancement. Our next tip is about transports. Now Our next tip is about transports. Now Our next tip is about transports. Now that Vulcan has his tactic as keyword that Vulcan has his tactic as keyword that Vulcan has his tactic as keyword and the detachment has one strategium and the detachment has one strategium and the detachment has one strategium that needs transports in order to that needs transports in order to that needs transports in order to activate. That strategim is burning activate. That strategim is burning activate. That strategim is burning vengeance. It is a bit situational. What vengeance. It is a bit situational. What vengeance. It is a bit situational. What shot the transport and how far away is shot the transport and how far away is shot the transport and how far away is that enemy unit? The unit inside can that enemy unit? The unit inside can that enemy unit? The unit inside can disembark and shoot at the enemy unit disembark and shoot at the enemy unit disembark and shoot at the enemy unit who shot at the transport. The transport who shot at the transport. The transport who shot at the transport. The transport needs to survive the enemy attack to do needs to survive the enemy attack to do needs to survive the enemy attack to do so. Armor of content is the only real so. Armor of content is the only real so. Armor of content is the only real defensive strategm. Transports are still defensive strategm. Transports are still defensive strategm. Transports are still a good choice to get our units around a good choice to get our units around a good choice to get our units around the board. Which transports should be the board. Which transports should be the board. Which transports should be taken to forge father seekers? There are taken to forge father seekers? There are taken to forge father seekers? There are three transports that seem to be the three transports that seem to be the three transports that seem to be the most common played for salamanders in most common played for salamanders in most common played for salamanders in this detachment. The land raider this detachment. The land raider this detachment. The land raider redeemer, the impulser, and the repulsor redeemer, the impulser, and the repulsor redeemer, the impulser, and the repulsor executioner. The land raider redeemer executioner. The land raider redeemer executioner. The land raider redeemer has the largest transport capacity out has the largest transport capacity out has the largest transport capacity out of these three transports at 14 with the of these three transports at 14 with the of these three transports at 14 with the scary overwatch anti-infantry potential. scary overwatch anti-infantry potential. scary overwatch anti-infantry potential. The Impulser is a cheap seven model The Impulser is a cheap seven model The Impulser is a cheap seven model transport capacity vehicle. We can only transport capacity vehicle. We can only transport capacity vehicle. We can only transport models with the tacticus transport models with the tacticus transport models with the tacticus keyword inside the impulser. So that's keyword inside the impulser. So that's keyword inside the impulser. So that's why it's a big deal that Vulcan has the why it's a big deal that Vulcan has the why it's a big deal that Vulcan has the tacticus keyword. Now the impulser tacticus keyword. Now the impulser tacticus keyword. Now the impulser executioner only has a transport executioner only has a transport executioner only has a transport capacity of seven. It does have some of capacity of seven. It does have some of capacity of seven. It does have some of the best space marine anti-tank shooting the best space marine anti-tank shooting the best space marine anti-tank shooting points can buy as well as some good points can buy as well as some good points can buy as well as some good anti-infantry guns. anti-infantry guns. anti-infantry guns. Here are some top units for the forge Here are some top units for the forge Here are some top units for the forge father secrets detachment. First we have father secrets detachment. First we have father secrets detachment. First we have Adrax Agatone, one of the two Adrax Agatone, one of the two Adrax Agatone, one of the two salamanders named characters. Adrax is a salamanders named characters. Adrax is a salamanders named characters. Adrax is a melee focused character. He gives his melee focused character. He gives his melee focused character. He gives his units melee weapons reroll wound rolls. units melee weapons reroll wound rolls. units melee weapons reroll wound rolls. It pairs well with the bladeguard It pairs well with the bladeguard It pairs well with the bladeguard veterans. He also reduces the O units veterans. He also reduces the O units veterans. He also reduces the O units within engagement range by half. It does within engagement range by half. It does within engagement range by half. It does not hurt. He is a greatl looking model. not hurt. He is a greatl looking model. not hurt. He is a greatl looking model. Adrax gives a salamander's list at least Adrax gives a salamander's list at least Adrax gives a salamander's list at least one unit with great melee potential. We one unit with great melee potential. We one unit with great melee potential. We need something to keep the enemy melee need something to keep the enemy melee need something to keep the enemy melee units off our shooting units. units off our shooting units. units off our shooting units. Next is Vulcan Histan, the second of our Next is Vulcan Histan, the second of our Next is Vulcan Histan, the second of our salamander characters, and I would say salamander characters, and I would say salamander characters, and I would say he is the better of the two. He adds he is the better of the two. He adds he is the better of the two. He adds utility and damage to a salamander's utility and damage to a salamander's utility and damage to a salamander's list. Any infernus model in the list list. Any infernus model in the list list. Any infernus model in the list gains one extra OC when we take Vulcan gains one extra OC when we take Vulcan gains one extra OC when we take Vulcan Histan in a list. He gives any torrent Histan in a list. He gives any torrent Histan in a list. He gives any torrent or melta weapons reroll wounds into one or melta weapons reroll wounds into one or melta weapons reroll wounds into one enemy unit with the forge father enemy unit with the forge father enemy unit with the forge father ability. On top of it all, he is an ability. On top of it all, he is an ability. On top of it all, he is an absolute tank to take off his seeker of absolute tank to take off his seeker of absolute tank to take off his seeker of the unfound objective. When Vulcan is on the unfound objective. When Vulcan is on the unfound objective. When Vulcan is on the seeker of the unfound objective, he the seeker of the unfound objective, he the seeker of the unfound objective, he will have an OC of 10 and a four plus will have an OC of 10 and a four plus will have an OC of 10 and a four plus feel no pain. Next is the aggressors. feel no pain. Next is the aggressors. feel no pain. Next is the aggressors. They are one of my favorite space marine They are one of my favorite space marine They are one of my favorite space marine units. Luckily, it is a good unit for units. Luckily, it is a good unit for units. Luckily, it is a good unit for the salamanders. A bit pricey right now. the salamanders. A bit pricey right now. the salamanders. A bit pricey right now. They are 100 points for three or 200 They are 100 points for three or 200 They are 100 points for three or 200 points for six. We prefer the flamestorm points for six. We prefer the flamestorm points for six. We prefer the flamestorm gauntlets and the forge father seekers. gauntlets and the forge father seekers. gauntlets and the forge father seekers. They are chunky models, toughness six They are chunky models, toughness six They are chunky models, toughness six with three wounds, only a three plus with three wounds, only a three plus with three wounds, only a three plus save with no invulnerable. It does make save with no invulnerable. It does make save with no invulnerable. It does make them hard to kill with small arms fire, them hard to kill with small arms fire, them hard to kill with small arms fire, but easy to kill with AP2 damage three but easy to kill with AP2 damage three but easy to kill with AP2 damage three attacks. Once the unit has lost some attacks. Once the unit has lost some attacks. Once the unit has lost some models, the overall unit threat goes way models, the overall unit threat goes way models, the overall unit threat goes way down. down. down. Then we have eradicators. This is one of Then we have eradicators. This is one of Then we have eradicators. This is one of the best anti-tank infantry units in the the best anti-tank infantry units in the the best anti-tank infantry units in the game. They can have two melta rifles and game. They can have two melta rifles and game. They can have two melta rifles and one multimela per three models up to six one multimela per three models up to six one multimela per three models up to six models in a unit. Strength nine AP4 models in a unit. Strength nine AP4 models in a unit. Strength nine AP4 damage six with melta 2. The detachment damage six with melta 2. The detachment damage six with melta 2. The detachment rule takes them up to strength 10 within rule takes them up to strength 10 within rule takes them up to strength 10 within 12 in with assault. So we can advance 12 in with assault. So we can advance 12 in with assault. So we can advance and shoot these eradicators. Their and shoot these eradicators. Their and shoot these eradicators. Their ability total obliteration will allow ability total obliteration will allow ability total obliteration will allow them to roll their hit, wound, and them to roll their hit, wound, and them to roll their hit, wound, and damage into vehicle and monster units. damage into vehicle and monster units. damage into vehicle and monster units. The eradicators are in gravis armor, so The eradicators are in gravis armor, so The eradicators are in gravis armor, so they have a movement of five, toughness they have a movement of five, toughness they have a movement of five, toughness six with three wounds each. six with three wounds each. six with three wounds each. Last up, we have company heroes. I Last up, we have company heroes. I Last up, we have company heroes. I wanted to mention this unit since they wanted to mention this unit since they wanted to mention this unit since they do make a good bodyguard units for Adrax do make a good bodyguard units for Adrax do make a good bodyguard units for Adrax Atone or even better Vulcan Histan. They Atone or even better Vulcan Histan. They Atone or even better Vulcan Histan. They are a bit expensive at 105 points, but are a bit expensive at 105 points, but are a bit expensive at 105 points, but is a great unit to keep Vulcan safe. We is a great unit to keep Vulcan safe. We is a great unit to keep Vulcan safe. We also have the Intercessor Squad, a great also have the Intercessor Squad, a great also have the Intercessor Squad, a great utility unit. They are great for holding utility unit. They are great for holding utility unit. They are great for holding objectives. they can sticky objectives objectives. they can sticky objectives objectives. they can sticky objectives and then move on to grab another and then move on to grab another and then move on to grab another objective or do a secondary action. We objective or do a secondary action. We objective or do a secondary action. We also have the characters we talked about also have the characters we talked about also have the characters we talked about in the emulator section. in the emulator section. in the emulator section. Let's finish the video with some final Let's finish the video with some final Let's finish the video with some final thoughts. These were my 10 tips and thoughts. These were my 10 tips and thoughts. These were my 10 tips and tricks part one for the Forge Father tricks part one for the Forge Father tricks part one for the Forge Father Seekers. I do have a part two more Seekers. I do have a part two more Seekers. I do have a part two more advanced guide in the channel pipeline. advanced guide in the channel pipeline. advanced guide in the channel pipeline. Forge Father Seekers shares a lot of the Forge Father Seekers shares a lot of the Forge Father Seekers shares a lot of the same rules as the Firestorm Assault same rules as the Firestorm Assault same rules as the Firestorm Assault Force. The ones that are different do Force. The ones that are different do Force. The ones that are different do give a salamander's feel. I wanted give a salamander's feel. I wanted give a salamander's feel. I wanted salamander's infantry pushing forward, salamander's infantry pushing forward, salamander's infantry pushing forward, purging the enemy with flames. I wish purging the enemy with flames. I wish purging the enemy with flames. I wish there was a detachment that buff the there was a detachment that buff the there was a detachment that buff the torrent and melta weapons while buffing torrent and melta weapons while buffing torrent and melta weapons while buffing our survivability instead of our speed. our survivability instead of our speed. our survivability instead of our speed. Do you have any of your own tips and Do you have any of your own tips and Do you have any of your own tips and tricks with this detachment? Throw them tricks with this detachment? Throw them tricks with this detachment? Throw them down in the comments below. Subscribe down in the comments below. Subscribe down in the comments below. Subscribe for battle reports, list videos, and for battle reports, list videos, and for battle reports, list videos, and other Warhammer 40k content. Channel other Warhammer 40k content. Channel other Warhammer 40k content. Channel members gain early access to videos and members gain early access to videos and members gain early access to videos and access to the channel Discord. Like access to the channel Discord. Like access to the channel Discord. Like always, thanks for watching. Thanks for always, thanks for watching. Thanks for always, thanks for watching. Thanks for stopping by. stopping by. stopping by. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music]